A1ZPY91VE3IDN1	1	Dog and Cat Like this Jerky,  We Don't	10	10	"We have found one cat and one dog who like this jerky.  Every human I've pawned this off on thinks it stinks, so the two animals keep having the opened packages offered to them. I added a couple torn into bits to a squash stew last night, and it almost snuck into the family meal.  It added a ""meaty"" texture as it rehydrated and the flavor fortunately was minimized.  Straight out of the bag, these little disks are nasty in flavor and the texture is very, very spongy.  The diameter is larger than a nickel, smaller than a quarter.  The two animals give it a star, but be careful you only give them one at at time so they don't get sick.  Humans polled don't even give it one star."
A2FXEDZQMDBSCC	1	Does not taste like pepperoni!	3	3	Whoever formulated this couldn't tell the difference between pepperoni and soy.  At the risk of looking low-class, pepperoni gets its flavor from salt and oil, not eleven all-natural herbs and spices.  Even worse, the flavor is truly vile beyond the ability for words to adequately describe.  I shall save this so-called food for torturing the next classmate who says we should, for the good of the environment, discontinue ranching.
A1C0UCSKLZR0I9	1	Worse than I expected	3	3	"The other reviews are right on the money.  I have tried several types of vegetarian ""jerky"" in an effort to find one that had a good taste, provided a good approximation to the typical beef jerky consistency and was reasonably priced.  I was suckered into buying this product because of the Amazon price break and several positive on-line reviews (that I now believe were probably placed by the manufacturer).  Anyway, I can't give this stuff away - my wife and kids won't eat it and I don't want to be accused of mistreating my dogs by feeding it to them.  This stuff tastes bad and chews as if it was made from a piece of old leather.  Definitely not worth it."
A292FVIS0IBLZC	5	Tastes great to me, but Amazon sells moldy food!	2	2	I was excited to find these on Amazon, and greatly amused by the negative reviews.  Does this jerky taste like dogfood?  I don't know, because I've never had dogfood before.  (har, har.  Sorry couldn't resist.)  Seriously though, not everyone is going to like this jerky.  It doesn't taste ANYTHING like the real stuff, and consequently is a very poor alternative.  However, if you can get past that and see this as a savory chewy snack in it's own right than you may just find that it's pretty tasty.  (Then again, my mom is a total health nut, and I grew up eating things like carob and whole wheat cake, so maybe I'm not the best judge of taste.  haha.)<br /><br />I did have an issue ordering these off Amazon, so maybe that's where some of the negative reviews are coming from.  Nearly every pack I ordered was moldy.  Customer service was great, of course, and I received my refund, but I'd be wary of expired foods if I were to order again.<br /><br />(These snacks are flavored with Bragg's Liquid Aminos which is a condiment used primarily as a soy sauce alternative.  Whatever you put Bragg's in makes it taste like Bragg's.  That's what these taste like.)
A1FU8VIG4Z93YL	5	I LOVE THE TASTE OF THE PEPPERONI	2	2	I've been eating this stuff for years from Follow Your Heart health food store in Canoga Park, CA.  The price is so high, though, I rarely buy it in bulk, but always enjoy it when I do.  It is very spicy and hot!!!  I don't eat pork or beef, so need vegetarian style jerky.
AP06XVMJI3QRQ	1	Yeah, that was unfortunate.	4	5	"Don't think the previous reviewer is wrong, jaded, or somehow a veggie jerky competitor.  These things really are rubbish.  What's worse?  This good deal through Amazon means you'll have plenty of these meat flavored sponges to impress your friends with how bad it can get.  I will say that my friends and I found that if you leave them out to dry for about 48 hours, they do get a little better in the texture department.  But to quote one friend, ""well, that made them easier to spit out."""
AD6MTTJ6Q74KI	4	I've always liked this brand.	1	1	I don't know what all the hate is about. I like this brand just as much as Stonewall's. My favorite flavor is Original.
A3MLOUYSAIGOFY	4	I LIKE IT	1	1	I like the taste very much.  The spicy pepperoni is the best.  Haven't had since moving from California.  True, the packaging could be better so that it doesn't dry out so fast, but I really like the taste.
A3LV9AI01FGQLR	1	i've Tried all Three Brands of Soy Jerky now.	3	4	and this Brand is simply the worst. i normally get this type of product at Trader Joes, but it's been sometime since they carried Soy Jerky. i did find them here on Amazon. i tried the Tasty Eats soy jerky first. this is very good (the flavors i've tried). then i order this brand (Spice of Life Meatless Jerky) and Primal Strips. the Primal Strips are prettie good. the texture is a tad oily. now the Spice of Life MJ has a great texture, but the taste is really bitter and strong. my Children love regular Beef Jerky and they really like the Tasty Eats Soy Jerky, but they simply hated this brand. my son even said he almost throw-up. i do not recommend this product. stinks for me, because i ordered a box (24 packs). live and learn, right?
