A2R6RA8FRBS608	5	all right by me !!!	4	4	This tea provides a luscious and refreshing break from your daily grind and helps you relax as well. It's got a great cherry apple taste to it that is not overpowering and if you let it steep about three minutes you're bound to enjoy it as much as I do!<br /><br />Each bag contains all-natural ingredients including hibiscus, cinnamon, chamomile, cranberries and apples. There's some vitamin C in it, too. There are no artificial ingredients! The stringless tea bags can easily be removed from your cup whenever you want just by using a spoon or anything similar to get them out of the cup. Stir the tea bag around and up and down a bit while it's in your cup before you drink it. It's also kosher if that matters to you.<br /><br />The tea is also caffeine free, which is a plus for those of us who don't want caffeine in our diets. That is something I always prefer.<br /><br />If you like a cherry apple, very slightly tart flavor to your tea, this is highly recommended! Enjoy!
A26A64X86VL1R4	4	Smells like apple cinnamon, tastes like cherry pie!	6	7	"This ruby shaded brew has an appealing cinnamon and apple aroma. The flavor was more like tart cherry than cranberry--maybe that is due to the combination of cranberry and apple. Quite tasty--don't brew too long or it can become sour!<br /><br />Celestial Seasonings gets extra points for their packaging: they utilize 100% natural recycled paperboard in their boxes and they don't package each tea bag individually. Instead they use a system of a waxed paper bag inside the box that stays shut when you fold it. It keeps the bags fresh and utilizes less packaging than individually wrapping each bag. The art they use on each box is beautiful as are the quotes and information they put on every surface.<br /><br />Quote from the box: ""Genius is the power of of lighting one's own fire."" John Foster"
A284TA2WYCOEPK	5	Most enjoyable tea	3	3	We discovered the Cranberry Apple Zinger when it came with a selection of other teas.  We use it to add flavor to our iced tea.  I get a gallon of warm water from the tap, put in 2 family sized decaf tea bags, plus 4 of the Cranberry Apple and maybe a raspberry or blackberry & earl grey.  Stick it in the fridge and a few hours later -- great tea.
A1RXLZY53ZQ6UT	5	My Favorite Flavor	1	1	As far as flavor goes, this is my favorite. Since I enjoy the healing properties of green tea, I mix the two together. I drink this all year round. I've stayed with Celestial Seasonings because I happen to like it the best.
A1K2CJ3BWJVJ8D	5	Great tea!	1	1	I love this tea! I am not a tea drinker, but I sampled this in a sample package and loved it. I tried to find  a box of only this Celestial Canberry Apple Zinger localally. But was not successful. So I ordered it from Amazon and I have enough to last for a long time.
AYOMAHLWRQHUG	5	My Favorite Tea	1	1	Strong, soothing flavor.  I drink 3 mugs of tea every day and have tried numerous other, more exotic, more expensive alternatives but haven't found any tea I enjoy as much as this one.  This is the first product I'm putting on the auto-renewal option.  Twinings and Lipton both make green tea versions that I would prefer but they are more expensive here at Amazon and harder to find elsewhere.
A1GAT8KX6H0JZY	5	Celestial Seasonings Cranberry Apple Herbal Tea at Amazon	0	0	Celestial Seasonings Cranberry Apple Herbal Tea is my favorite tea both hot and cold.<br />Also, best price at Amazon.com
A309AGHA3LO4GY	5	Great Tea, no additives required!	0	0	I bought this tea on Amazon because my local Wal-Mart stopped carrying it. You might be able to find it cheaper in your local grocery store, but make sure to price compare! This tea, when steeped for under 5 minutes, is not at all bitter and has a full bodied flavor. I add nothing (no sugar, honey, Splenda) to my tea. It is a great tea to drink to relieve morning congestion.
A2U70TFNQZZNGZ	5	Love this tea	0	0	Love this tea.  Couldn't find it anywhere, and pregnant won't drink anything else.  Add a little honey and lemon.
AMSUT4MW25F5C	5	Best tea they make	0	0	Add a little bit of honey and this tea is the best I have ever had.
A1LVE16NC56HP9	5	Cranberry Apple Zinger + Cinnamon Apple Spice = great cold tea	0	0	I've found that Celestial Seasonings' Cranberry Apple Zinger and Cinnamon Apple Spice herb teas, mixed together in equal parts and cooled, make an excellent thirst quencher any time of year. No caffeine and it tastes sweet without any sugar. What else is there to say?
A2HC3QHFBCTAHZ	5	Great Flavor Combination!	0	0	"Cranberry Apple Zinger Tea is a great refreshing flavor to enjoy hot or cold (I prefer my mine iced).  When the ""Zinger"" is behind the flavors, you can bet its above the others!  Zinger really punches up the flavor~I drink it daily!"
AZPK9GGECEVHX	5	the best ever	1	2	This is the best tea I have ever had. I Keep a picture of it in the frig. all of the time.
A2SOHJP90T5YYS	5	FINALLY A TEA WITH A KICK!!	0	2	THIS TEA HAS IT ALL GREATE TASTE AND A GREAT PRICE!! THIS CRANBERRY APPLE ZINGER TEA WILL DELIGHT YOUR SENSES AND HELP RELAX YOU PLUS YOU GET 6 BOXES AT AMZAZON FOR 11.99 WHICH IS A GREATE DEAL!! SO TRY THIS TEA TODAY [FOR SOME REASON I HAVEN'T BEEN ABLE TO FIND THIS IN THE STORE]
