A2CL3FM7XDDCIX	5	Smooth, creamy toffee flavor	1	1	The Baskin-Robbins pralines and cream flavor gives me a nice, smooth, creamy toffee flavor.  Because they use Splenda as the sweetener, the candies have no bitter after-taste.  This candy allows me to have all of the sweetness of regular hard candies with none of the guilt.  The package says that the serving size is four pieces, with a total calorie count of 45 calories.  That works out to just over 11 calories per candy.  It's a guilt-free treat!<br /><br />I like the pralines and cream flavor very much.  It reminds me of the original Werther's candies because it has a similar creamy toffee flavor.  But the Baskins-Robbins candies are made in the USA.  I prefer to save an American job when I can, so for me that's yet another reason to buy this brand of candy.
A272MFYG9O64DI	5	yummy!	0	0	the best tasting sugar free candy ever! i've tried many brands but baskin and robbins is, by far, the best!
A3F34JZEKQBH68	5	good tasting flavor	0	0	If you are trying to watch calories, these are good for having a little sweet.  Do not care for the cookies and cream one.
A1YFFKGCMI8F4F	5	MMMMMMMMMmmmmmmmmmm!	0	0	I can't believe it is sugar free!  Excellent!  Creamy... unbelievably good!  They sent me the wrong flavor....mint, but I like it.
A1TXLQEPM763JK	5	baskin robbins hard candy	0	0	I stopped eating sugars because I was a diabetic, I craved something sweet every night after dinner. I tried many sugarfree candies but when I found the pralines and cream from baskin and robbins it satisfied my craving for sweets and the taste is spectacular.
AVPW04XNXSREY	5	Dandy Candy	0	0	I generally buy these candies at big Lots for about a buck a bag. Unfortunately they don't always have them in sugarless nor do they always have the kinds I like. With Prime shipping I can order them for about the same price in bulk without tax (Thus far)making them a better deal. They get her quick and are just what I wanted. Good job guys!!!
A1HBZKUS3F6R21	5	Scrumptious taste!	0	0	I just tried the new Pralines and Cream sugar free candy. It is scrumptious! It reminds me of my Mom's famous southern pecan pie. I watch my intake of sugar and this is a good treat for anyone who limits sugar intake.
