A3192KK8U0MZBP	5	EXCELLENT Product	3	3	There are a couple of poor reviews on this product that attack the amount of sodium in these crackers. Firstly, I don't know what the regular diet or pallet of these parents are, but according to my family, these are on the bland side, the last impression I got when I tasted these crackers was that they were overly salty. You want salty, go eat a Ritz. The nutrition information states that 30 crackers will provide 220mg of sodium. Well, unless you pile half a bag in front of your kid and plop them down in front of a TV and thereby introduce them into the life of the American couch potato, there should be nothing to complain about. (In addition, any competent medical authority will state that a child should average around 1 gram of sodium per day, that means 1000mg.)<br /><br />These crackers are small and that needs to be taken into consideration, observe your child closely and ensure they are ready for them. Our daughter started these when she was 9 months and has done perfectly fine with them. She usually consumes 2-3 crackers per feeding (nothing near 30). They are 'plain' flavored, I would describe them as buttery in flavor.<br /><br />Again, thanks to Earth's Best for a great organic, non-GMO product without the nonsense ingredients, Good Job and keep up the good work!
A3NHUQ33CFH3VM	4	The 6 box set of tiny crackers is a very long-lasting supply.  They're salty but better than others I've seen in terms of health	3	3	I think this is the best choice for babies in the cracker category in terms of health and likability.  I had tried other types of crackers and they just threw them after biting into them. They like these and eat them and only sometimes throw them. Babies are amazing at how expressive they are when they don't want food offered to them.<br /><br />My ten month old twins eat these crackers, but not every time they're offered, and they're fairly healthy with the possible exception of saltiness.  They're by far the saltiest thing they eat.<br /><br />Considering that they need to put things in their mouths due to teething and basic discovery of the world, this is a great product to have on hand just to give them something edible that can go in the mouth.<br /><br />Getting it in a pack of 6 at this discount beats buying them one box at a time at the store.  I haven't seen this in a big box store yet, so I believe this must be one of the better deals at the moment.<br /><br />One box of these for babies around the age of mine (10 months) will last a long time.  The crackers are tiny and since they're so salty, they don't gobble them up.  When you get the 6 boxes, you've certainly got a long-lasting supply.
A2US1IBLHT6RM9	5	Buy them!	3	3	Amazingly good crackers. We were looking in the organic food aisle at Kroger a few months back for the little ones and found these crackers. They taste better than Cheez-Its and Cheese Nips, AND they're organic and healthier for you. I wish they sold these with less of a baby/toddler theme, though; they'd probably sell more if they did.
A2T0MC8HIVG0A6	5	Yummy, yummy!	3	3	My children (and I) LOVE these cheese crackers.  I love the ingredients: organic and non GMO, no MSG, etc.  The flavor is great and they are fun to eat!  We have been purchasing these for over a year and highly recommend them!  (Just wish they were available for subscription purchase, hint, hint)
A3G5VUKCE2AH25	5	kids love them	2	2	My 2 1/2 yr old loves these crackers as do most kids who come over.  They have Elmo and Big Bird faces and a good cheesy taste without grease or messy hands.  Not as easy to break as fish crackers and I think they taste better.
A16TV3V31IHMM	5	baby likes it, i am afraid mom and dad may like it more!	1	1	This is good stuff. baby loves it and asks more, more all the time, the problem is hard to limit it. I read reviews before and i wondered how tasty could it possibly be that everyone is raving..hell yea, how is a baby cracker so delicious?? isn't baby food supposed to be bland:p i always sneak in a few or more...ummm...good thing this the a 6 pack from amazon....
AEOWNXT5K8WGA	5	Great value for a great product	1	1	My 2 yr old loves these crackers, however, he won't eat them everyday. I was a little worried to purchase these in such a large quantity but couldn't pass up the great price on amazon. I received them in November 2010 and they expire in May 2011 which will be enough time for them to be consumed.<br /><br />They taste great, love the Elmo and Big Bird shapes, and they are Earth's Best which means that they are organic!
A2H7LPPL3ZDO0P	5	Cracker Monster	1	1	These have been perfect to carry around in the diaper bag. We give them to our daughter when she gets fussy while we're out. It buys us time to finish our meal or do what we have to do. The taste like Ritz Crackers with less salt.
A1FDVT0DLJWV78	5	Kids love these	1	1	My kids love these crackers. They are more healthy than your high sugar high salt alternatives usually found in the store. They taste really good (about what you would expect from a Keebler cracker), but the ingredients are all things you recognize and would put into crackers you make at home. They are organic, so if you care about that - this would be a plus as well.<br />The price is fair, especially if you use subscribe and save. My kids have been eating these since they were toddlers and even though they are older now, they still enjoy them. Yes, they do have Elmo crackers, so they may not be welcome in your older child's lunch bag, but would be a great guilty pleasure for them to have as a snack at home.<br />I will also admit that I LOVE them as well!
A1QSR7NM0VHMF3	5	Sons favorite snack plus Best price could find	1	1	These are my 18 mth old Son's 1 of 2 favorite snacks plus this is the Best price I could ever find for these. ;) elated because our stores stopped carrying this flavor for some reason Thanks
AZUBW08KH8GE5	5	Excellent deal!	1	1	My children love Earth's Best products and it's hard to find them around our area. I was glad to find them at Amazon.com and for such an excellent deal. I've already purchased another pack of the vanilla cookies and will continue to buy these products from Amazon as long as they are available. I also want to note that the products shipped on time and came in excellent condition. Thank you!
A3KB1H0S7T6JX1	5	So good I had to buy some more!	1	1	I bought these crackers for my 15-month old baby thinking that they would be a healthier version of Pepperidge Farm's Goldfish and he sure loved them. It turns out now that I need to get some more, after I found that I couldn't refrain from helping myself to the last few boxes... In short, they are well worth your while!
A1GON5NGOPZ56M	5	Hard to not sneak a bite myself	1	1	My daughter is 1 and I prefer to give her healthy organic snacks.  I had already been giving her Earth's Best baby food and this was a natural next choice.  I taste everything i feed her, and these are really tasty little crackers.  I would say they are as good as a ritz, without the yuck factor!
A2KZRK2T9KFA0X	3	Like that it's Organic but can find same item with that quality with larger quantity.	0	0	Like that it's Organic but can find same item with that quality with larger quantity.  My son likes the taste.  It's an option for a dry snack or travel snack.  So there are pluses, but the price for the small amount doesn't make it a total win.
AJ7FNDOL6OZRY	5	My kiddo loves this!	0	0	I'm on the subscribe and save program for this. I've made so many extra deliveries because my kid just can't stop eating them! Cute Elmo & Big Bird shapes. The only con - So cute that the kids play with their food! I've tasted them too & I they are actually quite hard to put down. :)
A191I0ZLZBN4C8	5	great crackers	0	0	My girls love these and I would never want to not have them in my house.  They are buttery flavored and delicious and I admit to eating them myself!
AAB8NA7T3PXJC	4	A Nice Snack for the Whole Family	0	0	I admit that I have not looked at the nutrition information, so I can only comment on how they taste. Forget the fact that our little one really enjoys these things. I really enjoy snacking on these myself. They're baby bite-size, dissolve somewhat quickly if taken whole without any bites, nice and crunchy if you do decide to bite into them, not overly cheesy, and all of the pieces find a way to remain intact (including Big Bird's long beak) while in the box/bag.
A3OKPDXG1PHKML	5	Tasty, Nutritious Crackers	0	0	My 13-month-old daughter loves these crackers.  They are very tasty and packed full of vitamins.  I find that Earth's Best Organics is the best brand in terms of nutrient content.
A30MQX3B4CIZQ6	5	delicious & healthy	0	0	my daughter is a picky eater but she loves those crackers. It's a snack I feel good about her eating... it's organic!! :)
A21NLLBMR6LYAS	5	Sesame Street Organic Crunchin' Crackers	0	0	These are super yummy.  They taste a lot like Ritz crackers but not as greasy.  Both my preschooler and one year old love these.
A3ARPAACR5MLQF	5	Daughter's Fav Snank	0	0	My daughter loves these snacks! They taste great and are heathier for her than other snack crackers. I just wish more came in the box for this price, since my daughter eats so many so fast!
A1BG12J0XSIDQI	5	Yummy and healthy	0	0	Both my son and I love these crackers.  They are yummy and fun to eat since they have the faces of Big Bird and Elmo!  And I can take heart that they are organic and perhaps healthier than other crackers out there.
AF3DUVCZD7KQ5	5	Earth's Best Snacks are yumm-o	0	0	I use these crackers as a regular snack or I made hummus sandwiches with them. You could use jam, or chicken puree (if you're hiding meat in your kid's food like i have to!) Very easy to pick up for kids!
A3N8IP1F8F4J7C	5	Tasty and healthier option for snacktime!	0	0	My kids LOVE their 'Elmo crackers'...I do too!  They taste like Ritz crackers, but are a much healthier choice.  Their small size makes them perfect for toddler fingers.  Thanks to Earth's Best for creating healthier alternatives for our hungry kids!
APR4Z1UOBRGAO	4	Yummy!	0	1	These crackers are so delicious that I, the mom, am eating them too!  the reason for the 4 stars is that they are a little pricey.
A2HFJ1EO1EALMA	4	Great for toddlers but small box	0	1	Only complaint is that you don't get very many in a box. I guess the box is sized for toddlers but since toddlers tend to spill most of these crackers on the floor a larger size box would be better.
A2K4K3OW6VENWE	1	NOT HEALTHY FOR CHILDREN!!!	3	6	I bought these for my 2 yr old and 11 month old. WHile I love EB products, I bit into these and said OMG these are SALTY!!! Salty like you can taste the granules of salt on your tongue! Come on, you expect EB to be a healthy alternative-yeah right. Wont be buying these anymore and mad I spent my money on them. Like the other reviewer said 'save our children's kidneys and skip these'.
A3UCKXBO457YD6	1	SALTY!	1	4	"The first time I tasted these crackers, I thought to myself ""Are you kidding Earth's Best?""  Really EB should know better.  220 mg of Sodium in a single serving of 20 g.  Save your developing baby's kidneys and buy low sodium Ritz crackers which has 30 mg in 16 g (I know it's not organic).  I would never each these crackers because they are too salty for my tastes."
AOMAHL0SE158Z	2	i just never shop at store expires in  a few month.	0	4	bought in June/11 and expires in October/11.<br />they just look like old stock.<br />i just never shop at store expires in  a few month. i do not like them!!
