A37MH7ICH80QOX	5	Excellent price for organic maple syrup!	36	37	This is an excellent price for high-quality, organic, Grade B, Kosher maple syrup. It is 100% maple syrup, with no other additives. It is certified Kosher by KOF-K and is organically grown in New England. Grade B maple syrup is excellent for pouring on waffles or pancakes and is also tasty added to baked goods. It has a deeper, richer flavor than dark, medium or light grade A syrup.<br /><br />I highly recommend the seller, Swanson, whom I've had frequent dealings with. They have a large website and sell a wide variety of health products, both supplements and health foods like this syrup. They have always processed my orders on their website quickly, and the orders have arrived promptly, with no delivery problems.
A1WNA15USEVUU9	5	MAPLE SYRUP	10	10	I have so far ordered three of this syrup .tastes yummy. delivery is very prompt and its the cheapest i could find anywhere. will recommend to go for it.
A3A5LAJSMSZ8S4	5	64oz Now Grade B Maple Syrup	13	14	I purchased the syrup in order to fulfill the requirements of the Master Cleanse.  The cleanse is done at a minimum of 10 days which is how long I chose to do it.  The determining factor in my purchase of Now 640z Grade B maple syrup was the price!  $28.00 for a 640z bottle of Pure (Grade B) Maple Syrup is awesome!  It was shipped & received very quickly which made me even more satisfied!  Thanks Amazon for being on top of your business!<br />B.  Dague
A23SAMOY4KVZ9B	5	Good Choice for Maple syrup	7	7	I was happy with this product.  It had a nice flavor and had a great price!
A695U5QPNNRKI	5	Delicious  Maple Syrup	6	6	While many believe that A id better than B grade I find the B grade maple syrup very rich.  It has more flavor than the A and is excellent to use in both baking and with roasted fowl and pork.
A2KVO6P99PP7GP	5	Great Maple Taste	2	2	I bought this 1/2 gallon because I am a big fan of Grade B maple syrup.  Grade B has a more pronounced maple flavor than Grade A syrup.  The price on this syrup is good, and the jug has a flip top, so that you do not have to unscrew the cap to pour a serving.
A1X1M9A5UK1J1T	4	Good Stuff	2	2	Arrived soon enough, last for a pretty long time, tastes good and it is good for you. Will buy again.
A2GKXQFHRAR5MU	4	Yummy full tasting syrup	2	2	Great price for a very good quality syrup. It really has a deep and full maple syrup flavor. Not dull or wishy washy.
A2K6Z3S45V3XIU	5	Wonderful Product	2	2	This maple syrup is excellent in taste and economy. We do not use any of the processed syrups on the market and to find a great real maple syrup at an affordable price is really tough.  This Organic Maple Syrup from NOW has it all...price, ease of ordering and best of all wonderful flavor with nothing added.  I'm buying another jug soon.
A1PHLXSBJCWXX2	5	AMAZING!	2	2	I bought this maple syrup for the master cleanse diet but then ended up eating it for some healthy pancakes and boy o boy is this syrup super yummy!!!!  My 2 and 4 year olds love it.  Also, the price is great!
A12CGHOGITG1HJ	5	Delicious Maple Syrup that has great health benefits	4	5	"This maple syrup is delicious and is strictly maple syrup -- nothing added.  Plus, you receive wonderful minerals and vitamins.  I used for the Master Cleanse and it really made the ""lemonade"" drink tasty.  If I were to eat pancakes, I would only use this syrup, rich in minerals and vitamins.  Enjoy!"
A21TEJQ7QH7T4H	1	BUYER BEWARE - DON'T BUY FROM NUTRICITY!!!	1	1	If I could put zero stars I would!<br /><br />I purchased two 64-fl oz containers of pure maple syrup from Nutricity through Amazon. The product was fine. Then without ever using it, I decided I wanted to return it for a refund. I printed the return authorization and the shipping label from the Amazon website, paid an extra $15 for shipping, and sent the items back. About two weeks later I got an email from Nutricity stating that their policy is no refunds on grocery items, and if I wanted the product back I would have to pay for shipping back to me. That's fine if that's their policy, but it was not clearly stated, and if that is their policy, I should not have been able to print a return authorization from the Amazon website. I feel like I have been ripped off. VERY POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE!<br /><br />Save yourself the headache, and just buy this from someone else!
A1390WQJ54J8SH	5	See how it stacks up against the others	1	1	"This is good syrup and my 2nd favorite.  It has a medium sweetness when compared with the other 2 that I've tried.  I typically don't like things very sweet.  I used 3 syrups listed below for my Master Cleanse.  They are all good quality and I'd recommend any of them.  You probably will want 1 jug for every 5 days of a cleanse.  It is possible that you'll need more.  I'm not an expert to comment on darkness or many other factors.  Here's my brief breakdown:<br /><br /><a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00271OPVU"">Coombs Family Farms 100% Pure Organic Maple Syrup Grade B, 32-Ounce Jug</a> - The sweetest of the 3 for sure.  It is also probably the thickest but still runny.  200 calories per serving of 4 tbsp.  When I put this in my lemonade for the Master Cleanse, it makes the lemonade sweeter than how I like it.<br /><br /><a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003ENHSC8"">NOW Foods Maple Syrup Grade B Organic, 32 ounce</a> - Is less sweet when compared to Coombs but a little sweeter than Family Heritage.  Runnier than Coombs but these syrups are all a little runnier than grocery syrups.  200 calories per serving of 4 tbsp.  It provided the right amount of sweetness for the Master Cleanse specifications for a drink.<br /><br /><a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00248E980"">Family Heritage Organic Vermont Maple Syrup, Grade B, 32-Ounce Jug</a> - Good quality and tastes sweet but definitely not as sweet as the other 2.  Didn't get the calorie info before throwing the bottle away but I'm figuring it's the same as the other 2.  I usually put an extra 1/2 a tbsp in my master cleanse lemonade to get it a little sweeter and curb the hunger."
A1S7BFT0HDF3HA	4	Adds a dash of magic to breakfast	1	1	This is really good maple syrup, packed with flavor, dense, and dark. Naturally it takes homemade waffles and pancakes to the next level, but it can also add a dash of magic to other breakfast staples, such as oatmeal or muffins. It is hard to imagine how commercial syrups laden with artificial flavors, colors, and other content can even be marketed as syrup---this is the real deal.
A291HTT117RVS9	5	So much better than Grade A!	1	1	"I'm from Maine and I have to tell you that I would never buy grade A maple syrup. If I'm going to use maple syrup, I want that rich, distinctive taste, not something that's barely different than white sugar. That's actually a good comparison - grade A is to grade B as white is to brown sugar. I know we're all used to thinking of ""grade A"" as meaning of superior quality, but that's not how it works with this. It is referring to the level of filtering/processing the sap goes through. If you want generic sweetness, go grade A. For everything else, grade B. This is a trusted brand of organic syrup with a great flavor. By the way, for baking and real maple syrup afficionados, there is also a grade C (even darker)!"
A1274OYLE4ADD6	5	An Excellent Brand Of Syrup	1	1	This is my favorite syrup. I was happy with the price, the shipping and the flavor of this syrup.  The 64 oz lasted a very long time.
A2N32AMLPWH8V3	5	good stuff :)	1	1	just what i was looking for and at a WAY better price than my local health food store!<br /><br />thanks!
AY61YPYJJD3HS	5	Wonderful	1	1	Excellent syrup!  If you haven't tried REAL maple syrup then you are missing out.  Try this delicious treat on your next waffle/pancake/ect...
A3S5QM9Y0UXSSC	5	former Vermonter	1	1	This has a nice full flavor. i thought that since this isn't made in Vermont it wouldn't be very good but it's just fine.
A3JDXLRUU650W7	5	Great Price, Perfect for the Master Cleanse	2	3	"If you are thinking of doing the Master Cleanse, this is the product you are looking for.  It is reasonably priced, high quality and exactly fits all the specifications they recommend.  One note, if you are going to do the full 10 days you will either need 2 or an additional 32 oz. I personally liked it as a table syrup as well.  It's the ""stout"" of maple syrups."
A2UCAEDKW9U88P	5	YUM	2	3	The maple syrup is delicious!  The product was shipped very quickly.  I needed to talk with the shipper about a minor problem and they were very accommodating.  I would definitely buy from them again.
A1202KEEPGNOH2	5	Delicious and timely	0	0	I use maple syrup for almost all of my sweetening - in baking, granola,whatever; and Now Grade B organic syrup is wonderful! We also received it within a few days of ordering.
A2ANH6GQOFU95W	5	This is a great product.	0	0	I started using this product for the Master Cleanse (lemonade diet). I have tried other brands but found this one to be the best.  I highley recommend it.  The only problem I have found is in the shipping sometimes the plastic cap gets broken even though they pack it well the delivery people most likely have dropped it at some point.  Thats the way it goes sometimes.  Since the jug is sealed it's still usable.
AGTO21BHY08LF	5	Coombs vs Highland vs NOW (winner On Food!), Grade B syrup...	0	0	"I have all three in my frige, so I did taste test""s""?-<br /><br />1. Just pouring straight into a spoon/tasting?-<br /><br />Coombs<br />Highland<br />NOW<br /><br />2. Heated 1/8cup (all 3), mixed in 1tsp of LandO'Lakes butter (Canola), and poured onto 3 Eggo Blueberry waffles?-<br /><br />NOW Shines ""On Food""!- I can Really taste the yummy maple, and not too sweet!  :o)<br />Coombs was just OK- The maple was Very mild, but the sugary sweetness was overpowering (ALA Mrs. Butterworth's (HFCS!)).<br />Highland- Virtually tasteless, and I tossed it."
A21DE4PQSV29SB	5	Now Foods Maple Syrup	0	0	Awesome product looks good and tastes great!  Good price, too.  Bought this one from Supplement Warehouse.  Makes a great sweatener and tastes good by itself as well.
ATWVP7WK9FONL	5	Good seller	0	0	It took me almost 2 weeks to get the product only because it was out of stock, but I have no complaints really. I think I will have to put another order, for the master cleanse I dont think this will be enough for 10 days, I could be wrong.
ALP0E9PM8G9GK	5	GREAT TASTING!	0	0	Due to dietary restrictions, I cannot use this myself. However I sent this to my sister in Germany as part of her Christmas present. She absolutely RAVED about it!
A6QNATMTQGW8I	5	Great maple syrup !	0	0	Due to it's economy price, I was concerned about the quality before the order arrived. But when I received the order, I found the maple syrup has great taste with excellent flavor. The order arrived in time as expected. Good customer service. Highly recommended !
A3AOZVHWNK0CIK	5	Best Maple Syrup yet!	0	0	Based on the other 2 reviews I chose to give this brand of syrup a try.  WOW, it has a deep, rich, buttery flavor and aroma.  My husband has been wanting pancakes just so he can eat the syrup! I've used it for a Master Cleanse and don't know if it's the quality of the syrup or what, but have had better success with detoxing using this than a Grade A or other brand of Grade B (this is my 3rd MC).  I look forward to using this for breakfast and baking, I will reorder again and recommend to friends and family! It would make a great gift in a gourmet gift basket!
A3SPMWXQYQ5OIQ	5	Love this syrup!	0	0	I have used real maple syrup for years.  When my kids were small I used the standard stuff until I started becoming a label reader, then I could not in good conscience continue to serve a product that amounted to a liquid chemical concoction.  I recently discovered grade B syrup, which has a stronger, more molassas kind of flavor.  Besides the obvious pancakes and french toast, I also use it on oatmeal and in baked goods.  Will continue to purchase.
A37Z4C3DGCP9IC	5	Delicious!	0	0	This syrup is delicious! My husband and I had some this morning on our pancakes and we both loved it. However, my 8 year old son, whose taste buds have been conditioned to the tune of high fructose corn syrup type syrups, thought the taste was too strong. Hopefully his taste buds will develop and he will learn to like this as it is SO much healthier than the typical grocery store offerings. Will definitely purchase again!
A25NSVLXXL6LFV	1	Misleading Price	11	18	This looks like a better deal than it REALLY is, and I wonder how many people who actually did the math for themselves would truly be pleased.<br /><br />This product is listed as 64 ounces, for a cost of $39.75, and they break it down as $0.41 per ounce. This would be a fantastic deal.<br /><br />HOWEVER, $39.75 for 64 ounces means this costs over $0.62 per ounce! This is not cool. I'm not sure if this was done intentionally, but it's bad business.
ALQKACEZEKC70	5	Not to sweet, perfectly hearty.	4	7	This is a nice way to go if you need maple syrup in bulk, like in order to do the Master Cleanse, like I did. It will last you nearly a week.  It is not too sweet, so you don't get a headache if you put a little too much on your pancakes, either.... wait - Is there such a thing as too much syrup on pancakes? No.
A1O8B2WYDCPTIQ	5	Great Stuff	1	3	I have done the master cleanse several times and the last time I used Now's grade B syrup instead of buying it at our local health food store to save money.  It tastes great but I have health problems and the last few times I've done the cleanse I have felt really bad and I assume that is why and not because of the quality of the syrup. I only mention it in order to give an honest review...But as I said it tastes great so I assume if it were inferior it wouldn't..
A1OH76AX20G0BX	5	Great Product and Fast Shipping!	3	7	The Maple Syrup was shipped very quickly.  We are very pleased with this seller and would purchsae from again and again!
A3NYVQD30RF4KT	3	It's ok	3	7	I purchased this maples syrup for the Master Cleanse diet, which is great for that.  I tried using on pancakes and the taste was not to my satisfaction.  It's fine for the lemonade diet, but that's about it.
A3QE4213BBCLG9	5	MAster cleanse	0	2	"I've ordered this syrup 4 times now and I use it for the Master Cleanse.  Tastes great and can be used for ""regular"" syrup as well."
AU2WJL0AXHFDY	5	Definition of NON-GE for this product, from Now Foods. I have not used this item, am just giving definition.	4	10	"Non-GE - ""GE"" stands for genetic engineering and is also referred to as GMO (genetically modified organism). Genetic engineering of food products uses gene splicing to overcome natural boundaries that would otherwise prohibit the creation of a product. Genes from different species can be combined to create a hardier product resistant to certain exogenous factors. As an example, you might be able to add fish genes to corn to make it resistant to pesticides. Although there may be ""instant gratification"" from such benefits as better taste, longer shelf life, and greater yield, serious concerns exist about the long-term ramifications of using these types of products and ingredients. Until more research backing the safety of GE products is available, we'll continue to make every effort to use only non-GE ingredients and products"
A2W61QGAYKZVG9	4	Natural foods	0	3	I am very satisfied with this product.  I would purchase this item again. I did not give it 5 stars because I am not so knowledgeable on Maple Syrups to know if it is the best out there.
A2HCVDIFC1TIQD	3	Product is good, but bottle arrived damaged.	1	5	It's grade-B maple syrup. I used it for some Christmas recipes. It was sticky and smelled and tasted of maple, and was (presumably) not made out of some unknown substance that fell to earth, possibly from space. I trust that a health-food company would sell the genuine article so advertised. Perhaps naive of me, but I was willing to take that leap of faith this time.<br /><br />Only gripe: the blue cap arrived broken. There was a silvery plastic seal across the top, much like you would find on a bottle of salad dressing, so the syrup stayed in place. I would not, however, recommend using the syrup as salad dressing. Unless you're into that kind of thing. Not that there's anything wrong with that. You freak.
A2QX7Q03UN9WG2	3	Commercial Product	1	9	I got this for the MC Diet. Until I found out about private family owned companies that also provide a home made product. That's recommeneded, but if your just getting started you can start with this but FYI it wont be enough!!!
AM0TZ8FT5B7I9	4	100 % pure syrup	0	7	I can tell you it arrived in good shape and in good timing.  We have not opened it yet though.
AUQFGHE12NRMC	1	BEWARE....not a 32oz. jug!	2	13	THIS PRODUCT IS NOT AS IT APPEARS! THE BOTTLE IS TINY, BUT LOOKS LIKE A STANDARD 32oz BOTTLE, IN THE PICTURE! If you fall for the picture, as I did, without paying attention to the fluid oz. size, then you end up paying 30 dollars for a 32oz. bottle, which normally sells for under 20 dollars. Legal but very deceptive....BOYCOTT these Charlatans!
A22HJXLZL766N4	2	Incomplete description	4	24	What does Non-GE mean?<br />One of the most annoying things about Amazon, whether the product be sold by them or through them, are the incomplete descriptions.<br />  The information would be helpful to potential buyers and therefore to the seller.  Incomplete descriptions only lead me to ask: what are they hiding, or, are they trying to dump something on the unsuspecting?
