A1CF1EH4GG3R7P	5	Deliciously different little wafer cookies	8	8	I'm a recent convert to Bahlsen cookies, and these little wafers are a standout among a product line that's hard not to love.  The crisp. toasty, slightly nuttly wafers surround a very light, not-too-sweet creme layer; the combination is an incredible, multi-dimensional treat that would pair nicely with coffee or milk.  The only thing I would think that would make this product better is a resealable package, but the wafers aren't going to last long once opened anyway.  The package size is good in the sense that it's enough to share with one or two other people, but if you eat the whole thing yourself it's not an utter disaster ;)
A16IWM0NZWOP6X	5	Great, healthy snack	4	4	These crackers are a great way to get whole wheat into your diet & into children's.  They are low in fat & sugar, and they taste great.  I haven't met a child yet who doesn't like them.  The ingredients are good as well.
A2PF32UUERJXB8	5	DEEEEEE-FREAKING-LICIOUS!	4	4	1.  I love  Amazon's grocery/makeup/cleaning products subscription service.  It is only beta now, but I truly hope they will continue it.<br /><br />2.  This cookie is amazingly delicious.  I like sweets that aren't too sweet, with just the right hint of sugar.  These are cookies just like that.  Like Creme Brulee -- barely sweetened, but if it is done right, the sweetness makes it the best food in the world.  I'm not saying these cookies are Creme Brulee, but maybe they approach the creme brulee of cookies.
A1SB8CXAUIKT8X	5	Light and Tasty!	3	3	The Bahlsen Delobas are my favorite so far. Call them biscuits or call them cookies they are just plain good. Light and pastry like with a nice burst of sweetness from the red current jam. Try Them!
A2PBMSX1ATJSBD	5	Delicious!	3	3	I had these cookies in Germany, but I had a hard time finding them in the US.  I was amused to discover I could order them from Amazon.  They seem to be most closely related to pecan sandies, but they're a little richer and a little moister.  I wish it were possible to order a single box instead of 12, but I already knew I liked them, so ordering 12 wasn't really a problem.  A bigger problem is trying not to eat them all immediately.
A1SB8CXAUIKT8X	5	Very Good!	3	3	Great texture and balance of sweet to butter is just about right. Adults and kids both love them. Recommended
A2RFJYQ08USWOG	5	These cookies are $2.19 in my SuperMarket	7	9	We were buying Bahlsen cookies at $1.70-$2.19 at lockal supermarket until I found that they are $1.41/box here at Amazon!
A30RRKGW97HPR1	5	JBERTSIESFAVS	2	2	If you love the heavenly combination of chocolate and orange, then this<br />is a cookie to try.  Gotta have your coffee and treat everyday like moi.<br />Well this plays well with coffee. Yum gonna have some right now....
A3OVWPS6O2FNSI	5	The Aroma! The Taste!	2	2	The title says it all! These butter biscuits are DIVINE! Everyone loves them--my parents, my students, my colleagues, and, of course, me! You will love them, too!
ARM30MN576O9M	5	Best cookies in the world	2	2	These cookies are fabulous. Flaky, not too sweet, fluffy not gooey layers. Small but not too small. Suggested serving size of 6 is good. Lots of things these days have completely unrealistic serving sizes. I know they have sat fat but I really don't care. I have been unable to find anything like them. They remind me of REAL bakery cookies.
A1A0MBT5LKK8U9	5	Awesome butter cookies!!!	2	2	These are every bit as good as the other two reviewers stated. Awesome butter cookies!!! There's a lot of butter taste in these cookies and they're not overly sweet. Just right! I'll be buying again when the 12 pack runs out. Amazon please make sure you keep these in stock on a continuing basis!
ALSAOZ1V546VT	5	Top Drawer Treat	2	2	"These Bahlsen Butter Leaves are the best cookies! Not too sweet, not greasy, soooo ""just right!"" Order extra! They go fast!"
AY52TNOUURNB8	5	I love it	2	2	I love this chocolate covered cookies. The chocolate is pure and tasty. Not too sweet.
A2CZ4OA313WSKS	5	I love butter cookies.	2	2	These cookies didn't disappoint.  They are delicious and go really well with a cup of tea or coffee.  They have just the right amount of sweetness...not cloying.  (I think American desserts usually go overboard on sugar).  I highly recommend them.
A1OLSDX3B8CN10	5	Tea Biscuits	2	2	Love these tea biscuits. The price was great for a box of 12. I hope you continue to carry.
A1CVN6FWUCZOMD	5	unusual chocolate treat	2	2	i tried bahlsen chocolates in europe, but you can't find them very often in the states. these are unlike any usa chocolates i've eaten, the wafer is wrapped over itself 4-5 times. you can't beat the crunch these make, delicious.
AXO4PQU0XG3TG	5	excellent superlight substitutes for palmiers	2	2	Many of Bahlsen's cookies are too sweet and floury for my taste, but these light flaky cookies don't taste stale and are not too rich but are nice and do not taste like sugared cardboard.  I don't crave these but when you eat them, you realize that these are better than the average boxed cookies and unexpectedly delicate and fresh tasting given the supermarket price.
A1RC8J259UP7S9	2	Arrived melted/stuck together	1	1	The title says it.  Some of the cookies arrived with the chocolate melted.  Others were stuck together or had the wafer separated and stuck to the chocolate top of the cookie below.  It appears that the box was a little overheated and banged around somewhere along the way here.  It was 65F here when the package was delivered.
A28WBCAWHZXTR9	5	Memories of Germany	1	1	Having grown up on these cookies I was pleased to see that they now come in the more healthful whole wheat version.  Same great taste...light on the sugar...even my husband who hates sweets will eat these with his ice cream.
A13K3ZLWAWN1EI	5	The perfect cookie	1	1	Rich, dark chocolate thinly covering a tart orange marmalade-like substance on a soft sponge cookie. It melts in your mouth and leaves you wanting more. Chocolate and orange are an addictive combination.  There are other brands out there of these sponge cookies, but the Bahlsen brand is by far tops in the quality of the ingredients used.
A2X8E6DT9YIZS6	5	die nuss ist los	1	1	Have always enjoyed Balsen products. Found  the nuss-dessert cookies while on vacation at Sanibel Island Florida. We were really excited to find them on Amazon, we had searched through out the Chicago area since last April.<br />They are the best. Taste like fresh hazelnuts and are great with either coffee or tea. (or later with wine).<br />So good that I bought a case, but they are reserved for special moments(like now).
A2PTYCTQMJYDYW	5	Best Cookie in the World	1	1	This is without a doubt the most incredibly addictive packaged cookie in the world. The dark chocolate dipping at one end is a great contrast to the rolled wafer of the cookie itself. Why did I ever buy a whole case! Bless Amazon for carrying the Bahlsen line of fabulous cookies because it is not available in Montana.
A1LVJ7K6NH6Q1H	5	Really Light Cookie	1	1	If you are looking for a sweet, try this cookie.  It is extra light<br />and has a nice crunch to it.  I buy these cookies by the carton.<br />They last for one month between my husband and I.  He likes cookies<br />with his morning coffee.  We are both satisfied with these cookies.<br />Would buy them again and again.<br /><br />Mary
A2EWE0GMBBUVMJ	5	Oh my !	1	1	These are soo good with a nice cup of coffee. They are light, buttery and very flavorful with the finely chopped nuts.
A2EWE0GMBBUVMJ	5	addictive biscuits	1	1	better than grahm crakers and they do not spike your blood sugar (at least not mine.)
A16WJEVYQPKAP7	5	Absolutely perfect!	3	4	Once you try this piece of chocolate you will fall in love with it. Probably one of the best nonbar chocolates produced in Switzerland and Europe as a whole. And I think it is rather cheap for the quality you get.
A2XVOWD40JCFSZ	4	yummy cookies!	0	0	We've ordered for them every month and only once the package inside the seal had a small hole and wasn't as fresh.
A29CFT1F1HKYW0	5	Amazingly light & Delicately sweet	0	0	The first time had these cookies was when I visited NYC.  One box of these cost me around $7, so when I found these on amazon.com for about $1.40 per box, I was so exstatic!  I could eat an entire box without feeling full of sugar or guilt.  Perfect with tea as I am not a coffee fan.  There are several reviews that I have read that were complaining about the number of boxes they received (12)- it says right in the product title how many boxes come in the order!  Do people really not read anymore then turn around and have the gall to give a bad review just because out of pure stupidity they failed to read what they were actually ordering?  I am appaled by some people's idiocy until I remind myself that I live in the United States.  Besides, why would anyone complain at $1.40 per box?  I HIGHLY recommend these to anyone, I would give 10 stars if I could.  Oh, and be glad they come in shipments of 12 boxes, they will be gone before you know it!  Thank you, Amazon!
A2TEE5XYO3AO5S	5	The Best Cookies!	0	0	My husband and I have been buying these cookies locally for years because we love them so much; they are far better than the milk chocolate version (but then, we love DARK chocolate!). In the past couple of years, our local grocer has stopped carrying them, we would request them, they would get them for a few months, and then they would stop carrying them again. I am so glad to see that I can get them via amazon.com! These are wonderful cookies with warm milk, cold milk, or a little Scotch . . . mmmmmmm!
ANA3WUFHCXVJE	5	Milk Chocolate cookies	0	0	This product was delivered on time and included more than I thought I was going to get - a full 16 packages. I first purchased these in England and have loved them ever sense.
A3CQNW9IU1QE6L	5	I love these cookies. Found them in Sherman .Texas need them in Centennial.Co. Albertsons had them in Sherman.  Sssooo good!!	0	0	Will always buy these if I can find them. Hate to have to buy from Germany. Need a grocery store.
A20AMAVMHY2Z5J	3	Bahlsen Truffet cookies	0	0	I was not very happy when i recieved my order. All the cookies were melted. Very good product. Word of advise. Don't buy any products in the summer time that will melt.
A2E7CXJAJXLX3D	5	Love the taste!  Love Hazelnuts!	0	0	I grew up eating these cookies.  Got a case for a great price.  Will be looking for them again this fall.
A3G9L75QSORIU6	5	De-Licious with perfect packaging	0	0	Leibniz cookies are truly my favorite, beyond what I make, I am a passionate cook. The whole wheat version of these are particularly superb with a subtly greater flavor than the original and a lovely, slightly more crumbly and grainy texture. It has been a wonderful discovery. Bon appetit.
A3I3CDH63BQQZO	5	Great cookies--don't buy in the summer	0	0	These are positively the most delicious cookies ever--smooth milk chocolate covering meringue biscuits.  However, when we received them--albeit in the Texas summer--they were fused together in the packaging. They are now not only less attractive, but also hard to eat.  So I would not recommend ordering these in the summer with the way they are packaged by Amazon.
A1VBQ8ANDKZWTE	5	Wonderful Taste	0	0	"It tastes perfect. I like it.<br />You would ""feel"" the butter in the cookies."
A2ADZENCR04N40	5	Yummy!	0	0	Great cookies.  Not overly sweet as most American cookies can be, with a hint of citrus.  Could not ask for more.  There is only 12 or so cookies in the box, but a decadent treat.
A2OWR2PL3DLWS4	5	YUM- like a perfect Rice Crispy	0	0	If Rice Crispy bars were made with good chocolate, and didn't taste like wax, they might taste like this.  Wow- What a yummy treat.  These are coated with a LOT of chocolate, and for me are more like a candy than a cookie (and I don't have a problem with that!)  I would not have wanted to order them in the summer, because I feel sure they would have melted.  The chocolate taste is wonderful, and I love the crunchiness.  The Sell By date is not until 9/2010 a full 8 months from today (1/21/2010), so I'm pleased with their freshness.  I don't think they will last very long in our house, but still, it's nice they are fresh.  These are packed very well, so they should not arrive crumbled or damaged in any way.  My cookies are perfect.  If you like crunchy chocolate treats this is for you!  Delicious!
A2OWR2PL3DLWS4	5	Great- and good Sell By date	0	0	I'll start with something really important to me- the sell by date.  I bought these cookies in January of 2010, and they are good until 9-2010, which is important to me, since I hate eating rancid food, so I just throw it out.  I've always loved these cookies, and my market sells them for much more than the subscribe price, so I'm happy to subscribe and save.  I love currants, and it's hard to find things flavored with them.  I have to admit, the currant taste is not strong, but they are delicious anyway, and I love the puff pastry.  Further, I'm allergic to GMO corn starch (genetically modified corn starch)- and just try to find cookies in US stores without corn starch (and 95% of all corn is modified in the US, and does not have to be labeled so).  So these are a real treat for me- since they are a cookie I can actually eat.<br /><br />The cookies are flaky, as puff pastry always is, and slightly sweet.  As other people have said, this is not a terribly sweet cookie, but it is quite sweet enough.  I enjoy mine with tea, and I also take them in my lunch.  If you take them in your lunch, put them in a little box- because they ARE delicate, and you might end up with delicious crumbs if you don't protect them.  I know this because I squashed them once.
A2OWR2PL3DLWS4	5	So delicious	0	0	This very crispy sugar wafer is perfect with ice cream, or with coffee or tea.  It's got a lovely burnt marshmallow flavor.  I really like these- they seem to harmonize with anything.  I'm allergic to GMo cornstarch, so it is hard for me to find cookies I can eat.  This one is lovely, and it's safe for me to eat.
A24UBSSLPNU0SG	5	Absolutely Wonderful!	0	0	These have a delicate, nutty, warm, faintly sweet wheat flavor, and a pleasing texture.  Satisfying without guilt, they're truly addictive.  I prefer them to digestives (much less Graham crackers), and even Leibniz's standard butter biscuits don't come close.  The whole wheat is especially good with green and pouchong teas - though predictably satisfying paired with a cup of Assam or English Breakfast. Also great with cocoa or milk, cheese or apples.... a slather of peanut butter..... !<br /><br />They're one of the few biscuits I'd definitely offer to children.
A22KSBHKAXKB3N	5	Delicious!!!!	0	0	these cookies are a perfect treat....very light and crunchy wafer sweetened by  the right amount of chocolate....great price and fast service
AUKR3IOZ017PF	5	Best Store-Bought Cookie Available	0	0	If you've had these cookies already - no one needs to sell them to you. I would just recommend that you keep them in the freezer. That way they're sort of hidden from you (and others) but for some reason freezing them brings out the taste and consistency of the chocolate. Try it!
AT1I7H44WVWDD	5	Bahlsen Dark Chocolate Cookies -  A Treat	0	0	"I don't know what Bahlsen was thinking over the last several months, but I looked high and low for these cookies in supermarkets and specialty stores...none were to be found. Then, after checking with Amazon (and its tracking mechanisms), Voila! I ordered a whole case and that should satisfy our deep appreciation of these cookies... a perfect blend of high quality dark chocolate and a crisp, thin ""chocolate vehicle""--i.e., cookie."
A1ISQ6QFR5TONO	5	Delicious decadence!!	0	0	These are great!  And they can get to be habit forming if you are not careful.  I bought the whole case, because you save overall  versus going to the supermarket.  Very rich dark chocolate, crisp cookie.  Worth every penny.  Oreo, eat your heart out!
A1SU1ANQEEI0UN	5	Love these cookies!	0	0	These cookies are just wonderful!!! The chocolate is deep, dark, rich and melts very nicely in your mouth.  I would say that it is a bittersweet chocolate and very finely made. These cookies give the chocolate lover a satisfying chocolate experience. Do not hesitate to buy them!
A13K3ZLWAWN1EI	5	Good with coffee	0	0	These appear to be, on first glance, similar to Nutter Butters.  On taste, however, they are lighter, more delicate, and infused with hazelnut.  There is more air in the cookie, so when you dip it in coffee, it becomes saturated rather quickly and the cookie folds into your mouth, with the sweet center taking center stage.  Nuff said.
A2XFCQAUOKY0A2	5	Bahlsen Waffeletten Cookies	0	0	I am very happy with Amazon service including the speedy shipment. I am also very happy the product Amazon is carrying. This product is only available in selected specialty stores in the area. And tend to be expensive. Sometime they only carry small selection in store. You have to wait long time for a special order. Amazon is making the product available with a wide selection of variaty and affortable. Thanks.
A25IHNYTOSLQBR	5	Delightful cookies	0	0	A light and crisp flaky cookie surrounding a brightly flavorful nugget of jam. The only problem - I can eat a whole box without stopping to breathe! And buying them by the case makes them very affordable. My next order is already in...
A36EWD31PZBF6P	5	Light, flaky & delicious	0	0	I first had these cookies at our Oktoberfest where they were giving out samples.  I loved them and could not find them at World Market so I went to the internet and found them available at Amazon. They are very light and flaky.
A17XIK2X9PEEBF	5	delicate biscuits	0	0	When we couldn't find these in our local grocery store anymore, we were very glad to find them available through Amazon. these are light and delicious and a true treat!
ALSAOZ1V546VT	5	Rich, but delicate,  hazelnut (filbert) cookies that everyone likes !	0	0	"Buy more than one box - these disappear fast! Bahlsen Biscuits are elegant, impressive, and delight everyone. I keep some on hand for unexpected guests and these ""Hazelnut Biscuits"" have never disappointed anyone! (Betcha YOU could eat a whole box yourself!)"
A2PF32UUERJXB8	5	Oh, so very very very VERY good	0	0	"I LOVE these cookies.  Most cookies are too sweet for me -- not these.  However, since they follow the  European trend of using  natural ingredients, they are full of saturated fat from butter and cream.<br /><br />WHO CARES?<br /><br />They are the best cookies, for me, in the world, comparable only to<br />""Feullitees Doree,"" which can be bought on in France."
A2IYLMDQGBB4VG	2	broken cookies	1	2	I bought these cookies for myself and as a gift for my dad for his birthday. Unfortunately, 2 out of 4 of the boxes I gave my dad as a gift had mostly broken cookies, and were stale tasting. Not a great gift idea, and not really packaged or handled well. I have bought the delice cookies in the past and had no problems other than a random broken cookie in a box. I have not opened all of the boxes yet of course, but will hope to find a couple that are not all broken up to give to my dad.
A1PB97BLMR9X2S	5	Light, Flaky & Tasty GOOD Cookie!!	1	2	I really like these cookies.  They are made with pastry dough - lots of thin, flaky, crispy layers with a very light coating of honey (or something like honey).  The jelly center rounds the cookie out with a delicious bite of sweetness. It's a robust burst of flavor that makes you want to smile. I am rapidly getting addicted to these fine flavorful confections -- bet you can't eat just one!
A1SB8CXAUIKT8X	2	Rather Bland	3	6	I am an adventurous person who likes new things and when Amazon began selling the Bahlsen line I tried a number of their products and found them to be enjoyable and tasty, but the Hannover Wafer Cookies are, to my palate, rather bland and tasteless. The texture is pleasing, though a little grainy tasting and the creme filling has little flavor. They're very high in saturated fat, and  devoid of flavor..Think I'll stick with the Bahlsen Delobas'.
A1P6S7F4MD476C	1	bal	1	6	Bahlsen Butter Cookies,4.4-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 12)<br />Very Disappointed with your service and deceptive listing of the product ingredients. i am allergic eggs and as per your listing, there is NO mention of eggs and when i received the product, on the box the cookies one of the ingredient is EGG.<br />Also i emailed not send me any cookie with EGGS
A1P6S7F4MD476C	1	bal	0	6	Bahlsen Delice Cookies, 3.5-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 12)<br />Very Disappointed with your service and deceptive listing of the product ingredients. i am allergic eggs and as per your listing, there is NO mention of eggs and when i received the product, on the box the cookies one of the ingredient is EGG.
A1FEP94TP15RG0	1	Hazelnut (Filberts) in a fragile crescent shaped tea cookie.	0	11	Delicate ground hazelnut cookies for a Ladies tea, NOT for children or most men! Appreciated only by sophisticated palates, because they are neither cloyingly sweet or fatty. Set these aside for unexpected guests you'd like to impress.
A1FEP94TP15RG0	1	"These ""Butter Leaves"" are addictively wonderful!"	0	11	Amazon sends you TWELVE boxes of these fabulous cookies and each box disappears FAST - in fact, DO NOT sit down with the whole box nearby or you will munch thru all of them without stopping! They are delicately sweet, crunchy, and buttery - without being at all greasy. You've been warned!
