A7IKOAH6M8WAC	5	Beautiful Tree	8	8	I just received my Brazilian Rain Tree an hour ago.  I want to first say that I have received several trees from Brussels and Brussels trees bought through Amazon.  They are always very well packed.  I have learned a great way to get the tree out.  I open the top of the box and remove the invoice and brochure.  Then I open the bottom of the box and set it inside a large trash bag.  Pull up on the box slowly and pull up the sides of the bag.  I was able to get my tree out and remove the peanuts with only four peanuts touching the floor.  It takes awhile to pick out the peanuts around the tree but it is worth it having a safe tree delivered.<br /><br />I am very surprised with my rain tree!  It is 20 inches tall from the soil and the trunk is almost an inch wide.  The tree is not straight up and down but has a beautiful curve too it.  There are tons of leaves and smaller branches.  This tree looks much older than I expected!  Right now the leaves are all folded up since it has been in the dark box for a few days.  There are no blossoms at this time but there are a bunch of thorns!  I am very happy and can't wait for the leaves to open up.  I gave the tree a drink of water and will baby it for a couple of weeks since it has had a few rough days.<br /><br />I agree with the other reviewer that it is better than other trees I have seen online.  I really struggled with deciding on what indoor tree to buy.  There are not many photos of this tree type online and the best ones are obviously specimen trees that are much older.  One of the main photos of the Brazilian Rain Tree seems to be copied a million times and used on many sights.  I will try to get some photos soon and put them up on Amazon.<br /><br />I have only had this tree for an hour but at this point I would recommend it!
A1ZIN9RZ6L2QVK	4	Has been steadily losing leaves	7	7	Received as a gift just prior to Xmas 2009. Not my first Bonsai. Receives plenty of light and water. Have added Superthrive to water  as recommended by Bonsai enthusiasts. Has progressively lost leaves. At the rate it is going I will soon have only branches. Called seller Brussels this past Monday but as of this writing my call has not been returned.<br /><br />Updated: Found out that it is normal for the tree to lose almost all its leaves in the winter. The tree now has quite a bit of new growth.
A7JOX108392LI	5	Super Brazillian Rain Tree	4	4	I was very pleased with my Rain Tree.  Without a picture I didn't know exactly what to expect.  I looked up several specimens on different websites and the tree delivered to me was better than any picture that I found.  The delivery time was excellent.  I highly recommend this tree for the unique behavior of the leaves when it is left in the dark for 30 minutes or more.  It was really amazing.
AEIUXMHA263JV	5	Brazilian Rain Trees	3	3	I got these little trees and turned them into bonsai trees in little pots. I displayed them and they all sold immediately (except for 1 that was a gift). I hope more come out for sale again soon. These are the greatest little trees, they look nice and they sprout new leaves quick. I keep coming back whenever I see the name Brussel's, the best products and service on the planet.
AKYDOW5C3AFQ9	5	Perfect	1	1	"One of most concerning facts regarding buying a Bonsai tree online is that you never know how the actual tree will look like, specially that most sellers use the same picture. Well i gave it a shot and I'm very glad i did.<br /><br />It's true that the tree I received was much bigger than what i thought (8 Lbs and over 20"" high), but that's just not bad, but what i really liked was how close my tree was to the one in the image, plus how healthy and well packed it was.<br /><br />Overall I'm very satisfied and I'd difinetaly consider buying trees from this seller."
A57OKYDTD7X1V	2	Not impressed	1	2	I would give this a better rating if mine hadn't died.  I didn't realize it would be so root bound by the time it got to me and when I realized what was wrong with it, it was too late.  No amount of TLC after repotting could save it.  SO... if you buy it, yank it out of it's pot (careful, they use some thick sharp wires to hold it in place) and place it in a large container and allow it to grow out a bit.  BE WARNED since it doesn't come with one.
AU8URNOIHAI0L	1	too expensive for what u get	3	7	If you do not live somewhere where there is sun everyday of the year, do not get it. 1 day after it arrived, most of the leaves feel out. it was supposed to be a Christmas present and since most of leaves feel out we could not give it away. it was pathetic. it is definitely not worth 60 dollars.<br /><br />we really regret buying this plant.
A16ZONQJJVT5DW	2	Christmas gift that came alive	0	2	This was a christmas gift for a dear friend.  It arrived well packed and as described...but then small flying bugs (gnats?) started to emerge, they have been coming alive for days now and nothing seems to stop them!  Friend asked Amazon for an exchange...sorry no exchanges, if you return it we will refund the money!!!  It was a gift!
