AWNZTSI1Q6CU2	5	Works as Advertised	8	8	The bunnies had eaten my blanket flowers down to the ground.  I sprayed DeFence on what was left and I'm happy to report the plants have grown back and are sporting flowers once again.
A405A608KK4LN	2	I really wanted it to work...	0	0	"So I had a big problem this season with rabbits eating my Hostas,lilies and other plants. It was getting so bad, that I figured I'd spend the money and try one of these sprays knowing that the reviews for pretty much all of them seem to be split.  I figured I had nothing to lose.  So I applied as per the labels instructions.  I did not have any issue with the spray damaging any of my flowers or plants and it did seem to work initially.  I had almost a week with no new damage. There was also no rain of any note that may have washed it away.  I don't think the rain since has washed it away either though, as I can see a residue on some of the leaves on some plants that were sprayed and left high up in a place where rabbits couldn't get to them.  Unfortunately, the happiness was short-lived. Again I was coming home to check on my plants and finding more bitten off leaves and decapitated lilies. I stopped checking before leaving for work because it would put me in such a bad mood every time I'd see more ""victims"".<br /> I just hate spending almost $20.00 for something (I was so desperate that I paid the extra 3.99 for 1 day even though I am a prime member) that in the end did not work as it should have. I just planted replacement bulbs for the 22 of 25 lilies that were beheaded and now I am here looking for a different kind of rabbit/small animal repellent. It's difficult to choose, as again it seems many products work for some and not for others. It looks like I was just one of the unlucky ones with this product and I'll try something else and see what happens.  Good luck to you all.  I hope you have more success than I did whether you try this product or a different one."
A2H3UARC0G6C3U	4	worked	0	0	I used the product around my yard to try and prevent bunnies from sleeping and pooping on my lawn.  They appear to be finding another place to relax all night long.
ANHTXFXQSI9NX	1	crap	0	1	This stuff is crap.  It kills flowers, there leaves & curdles after a week.  Waste of time & money
