A18ZZ7J15QCBLV	5	A tender bean with many uses	10	11	The Eden Cannellini beans have a nice texture and a simple flavor that blends well with other foods. I also find them more digestible than some other beans.<br /><br />Good mashed as well as whole, I have used them in place of tahini with garbanzo beans to make a nice, light hummos, mashed them and mixed them with seafood and herbs/spices to make a South-American (Brazilian?) style fritter (dried shrimp is traditional I gather, but anything you like can be good -- the beans hold everything together and are mild enough to let the other flavors shine through. Lightly dredging in flour gives you a crisper surface if you decide to try it...), and more.
A1LFSTBR7L7PUT	5	Good quality beans - no BPA	2	2	I guess the title says it all.  Some beans (like pintos) are as good or better when soaked from dry and cooked at home than the canned version, but I much prefer canned cannellini beans.  I use them in Italian tuna/bean salad and in soups.  The cans drain easily.  There could be a few more beans in each can and a bit less liquid, but all in all they are most satisfactory.  I feel a lot healthier knowing I'm not getting any BPA poisons along with my tasty white beans.<br /><br />We eat very little meat so it is important to me to use the best beans, and in my opinion Eden brand is the best.
A35TIC6B8MVKWG	5	Healthy!	2	2	A fine product--salt free,organic, large size and excellent for soups or salads.  You may need to add extra spice as salt free is bland.
A17759A20AO7LM	5	Great canned product without excessive salt or harmful chemicals/preservatives!	1	1	I LOVE these canned cannellini beans. They are organic, which is important to me, and do not contain any of the harmful chemicals/preservatives that so many canned products have. I also love the fact that there is no salt added, another hard to find quality in canned goods.<br /><br />While I do prefer to make my own beans from scratch, when in a pinch, these serve me well. I have never been disappointed in the quality of the product or experienced the problems that a couple of the other reviewers have had. The beans always come out creamy and delicious...they are good enough to eat on salads (after a rinse of course).<br /><br />The Subscribe & Save option is great for these, too, because it works out to be less than what I would pay in my local grocery store for the same product. Plus, buying products by the case is not only easier, but it leads to a well-stocked pantry. I will always keep these beans on hand.<br /><br />I love Eden Organic products, but this is definitely my favorite!
AXHTH0EL75SOJ	4	I love Eden brand	1	1	I love Eden brand beans. Much more affordable than in the store. I haven't had any dented cans of beans or any problems. So far, so good!
A1AG6A3IJMB6RW	5	great white kidney beans	1	1	I've been using these beans for years and they are excellent. Contrary to what another viewer wrote I have never gotten a can where the beans were crushed. Although I prefer the Eden red kidney beans (dark colored foods are more nutritional), these have some uses too when color in the presentation matters. BPA free too.
A1Z545H4T203Q1	5	White and red kidney beans	0	0	Cost less locally at Green's Garage. Why waste hard earned money? I can save $.71 per can!<br />word word word
A3RBM7CTJ7I0DE	5	happy with eden	0	0	I am very happy with their no salt added beans. Their beans seem to be bigger and have more of a velvet texture. I am a fan of Eden products.
A1KREPYO7PJ7J4	1	quality is not always the same	1	3	I bought this product about 6 months ago and was very much pleased with it. Therefore, I ordered it again last month. However, I am very much dissapointed this time. The beans seem overcooked and crushed. We did not get sick after eating it but I'm concerned that the company made a processing error. I won't buy this product again and do not recommend you to buy.
AYIXNDB59BLUP	1	Beans were crushed and mushy	0	3	"I opened 4 of the 12 cans in this case and in each of them, less than 10 beans per can were edible.  Most of them were crushed, smashed or broken in some way, making them inedible (they would taste like ""can"").  Amazon.com was good enough to refund my money but I would never order these cans again.  I'm not even sure my local homeless shelter will be able to use the 8 cans I have left.  Downright disgusting."
AN1PZFYRK1AVH	5	orghanic	1	5	We are very pleased to see that this company supplys a variety of canned products-in the organic feilds
