A8K22AGBWBNV9	3	Too much peanut	2	2	It's OK, but if you don't like peanut, don't recommend. The taste is fresh enough, and I don't feel it's delicious.
AQQLWCMRNDFGI	4	Nice way to snack!!	1	1	Trying to snack well is important to me, as one way of maintaining some degree of good health. One tactic that I am trying to adopt is sensible snacking. At the place where I work, I sometimes have broccoli, carrots, and celery with a dip; at other times, I have sliced apples and eat them plain. I also use this trail mix.<br /><br />A combination of nuts (peanuts and cashews) and fruit (raisins, banana chips, pineapple, and cranberries). The combination is crunchy and tasty. I try to make one package stretch across three days rather than eating all at once. But these are tasty critters!<br /><br />Thus, a successful snack for me. . . .
A35A5S6H1WROO6	5	Good stuff Maynard	1	1	Everyone seems to have their favorite trail mix, their favorite snack or bag of goodies to either place in their pack or have stashed in a handy place in the house.  Tastes differ, not only from one person to the next, but within the same individual; depending upon circumstances, mood, place and I don't know what.<br /><br />For this reason I buy a lot of different mixes as I tend to get tired of the same old thing over and over and over again.  I gave this stuff a try and I have to tell you that I liked it a lot.  It was fresh and the salt and sweet combination is the one I like.  Like another reviewer, if I were going to use this stuff on a trek, I would probably throw a few bits of chocolate in just to liven things up a bit...but then again, I am a chocolate freak so this may not appeal to everyone.<br /><br />When it comes to mixes such as this a person should try lots of them and goodness knows there are enough of them out there.  If you are not into making your own, then you should give this stuff a shot.  I am glad I did.
AME4XNLE0U5SP	3	Buy a can of peanuts instead.	3	4	"It's very disappointing that this product is at least 95% peanuts, with ""fruit"" being almost non-existent. I would have given it fewer than 3 stars, but I couln't honestly say I hated it. I don't hate peanuts. I just expect fewer of them in a product called ""trail mix"" and ""fruit and nut."" I won't buy this again."
A1MDPTPXZPWIVU	5	AWESOME!!!	2	3	"It's final exam time and I read that trail mix, nuts and fruits, were good snacks to eat while studying. So I hopped on my bike and bought these at the store. I guess it is a ""win some, lose some."" some reviewers complained that there were too many peanuts. I hardly have any. Mostly fruit for me. So perhaps I got lucky, or they were unlucky. Others complained that the banana chips were too hard. They are very hard and crunchy. I personally like them, but others may not. If you like bananas chips that crunch like a peanut or cashew, these are for you. If you don't, look elsewhere. I'm lovin' them."
A3V7XI8W1J34XC	5	Best Trail Mix I've Ever Had	2	3	This Trail Mix is amazing. It's the perfect blend of raisins, cranberries, peanuts, banana chips, cashews, pineapple and papaya. I'd recommend this to anyone who loves fruit and nuts and healthy snacks.
A2OG7QNARO4Q4J	5	Great Snack!	2	3	This is a well priced snack for either kids or adults. It was fresh and yet easy to pack in a lunchbox or briefcase.<br />Get'em by the case!
A2BKPCWX89ZMJG	5	Excellent snack	2	3	My whole family loves the Planters Trail Mix. Great for on the go. In the golfbag, office or in the car.
A2VR8L92AAC79J	5	Delicious trail mix	0	0	I love this stuff, and Amazon has the best price I could find.  To me, it has the perfect weighting among the various ingredients (i.e. not too many peanuts, too few of something else...).  Highly recommended!
A3P55S19DXG8UU	5	Trail Mix Fruit & Mix Review	0	0	"This trail mix is very tasty and easy to take with in the 6 oz. bags.  The only problem I have with it is not the product but the ""zip lock"" bags it comes in.  They DO NOT zip.  I have resorted to wrapping the opened bag with a strong rubber band to maintain freshness."
A361PLXEWB9UC1	5	A great trail mix -- in low-oxygen bags!  Fresh, fresh, FRESH!	1	2	This is a really good mix of flavors and textures -- not too much of any one flavor -- and it was absolutely the freshest mix I've ever eaten.  The nuts were so fresh they snapped with every bite -- and the fruit was perfect.<br /><br />5 stars -- no reservations
AKSSHPJ1CRKZ5	3	Rock banana chips!	1	2	The only thing I didn't like about this mix is that the banana chips were as hard as rocks! I picked those out and enjoyed the rest of the mix.
A22MB2AA9MF6H2	4	Just as good	0	1	I would say this mix is pretty comparable to most trail mixes. I actually add a few chocolate chips, which then makes the perfect mix.
A1HD0RXORQRXD6	5	What is this BANANA CHIP MAGIC??	0	2	I grabbed a bag of these at the store thinking one of our kids might like it, but I was in need of a snack for the office today and brought it with. Within only one moment or so my reaction devolved into a gluttonous orgy of OMG NOM NOM NOM NOM! There could be more pineapple and papaya but there are plenty of banana chips, which I HATED before today. Today I LOVE THEM. THEY DID SOMETHING TO THEM. WHAT???! I thought Harry Potter and Hogwarts and Dumbledore and all that was just make believe, but I'm quite sure SOMEONE SPREAD MAGIC ON THEM. They are crunchy, not chewy; they taste like bananas, not chemicals.<br /><br />Sure, there's a lotsa peanuts. And cashews too, to be fair.  Despite the shortcoming of choosing Planters' two most common nuts and nothing exotic, this is really good commercial trail mix. You could roll some awesome trail mix and beat its pants off, sure. You could put good, good stuff like figs and pumpkin seeds and coconut shavings. Yeah, you COULD, believe me regarding this. But for a fruit-n-nut trail mix from a bag labeled Planters... well, color me impressed. especially with the banana chip magic. Better patent that shiznit, Planters!
