A32178YJ109AX3	5	Lundberg Organic Brown RIce Cakes	5	5	I have ordered these several times now and I am very pleased with the experience.  I used to buy them at local stores but they were often stale. Then I ordered them direct from the manufacturer, but that was actually more expensive. Through Amazon they have been very fresh and less expensive.
A3BPVQPUYPT5XF	4	Good taste	1	1	I don't usually like rice cakes but these have a nice taste and are very filling.  The only downside is that this pack comes with so many of them and it takes up a lot of space.
A1KRZTABS7DMVP	5	Great healthy crunch.	1	1	If your looking for a great source of complex carbs without the fat and sodium, look no further.  These cakes taste really great and have a crunch you wont believe.  I have them everyday for breakfast along with my protein and fruit.  A great healthy start to the day!
A14DJEOB3YG99D	5	The Best Rice Cakes Around	0	0	"I received my case of these delicious, crunchy gems a couple of days ago. I am going to have more delivered in just a few weeks because I am enjoying them so much for breakfast and snacks. They are slightly nutty, fresh, and much better than other brands I have tried. They arrived in perfect condition. The price for this as a Subscribe and Save item is about $2 lower for each package than the price in my local grocery store, giving me a savings of about $24 per case. I love having a big supply around, as I am eating gluten-free. This is truly the best-tasting rice cake on the market. It is hard to understand why one reviewer didn't like the taste. I""m guessing that he or she doesn't like rice cakes. However, if you already know that you like rice cakes, you'll love these and save yourself a lot of money by ordering from Amazon."
A2ORXSPJ1O9O07	5	Lundberg Rice Cakes	0	0	I appreciate Amazon selling this item. It is hard to find them in stores. They are so much better than other brands that taste like cardboard.
A2IJU5WBFSAF40	5	Oh my, these are good.  And I don't even like rice cakes!	0	0	I learned about Lundberg Farms rice products quite by accident at a forgotten health food store a few months ago.  Since then I have consumed Lundberg rice products exclusively.  This rice actually has flavor and these rice cakes are far ahead of their competition in every category except the crumbly category.  But even that seeming shortcoming is actually further proof of their superiority.<br /><br />This rice is clean when it is cooked and it is not held together by an abundance of starch and man made binders that you will find in the big name brand rice cakes in your supermarket.<br /><br />I put mine in a simple sandwich baggie, fold top not zip lock, and eat it plain and the baggie catches the crumbs for me.<br /><br />Additionally a recent study suggests that white rice is a contributor to diabetes in some people.  I quit white rice a few months ago and the health benefits have been very noticeable to me and others.
A2WXPQKE2R3TWW	4	Flavorful but fragile	0	0	Stumbled across these, and tried them on a lark. MUCH tastier than almost every other rice cake out there -- perhaps because they use brown rice rather than the more bland white rice. The crunch and chewiness is quite good.<br /><br />The one downside is they are significantly more prone to crumble and break-up than other rice cakes. Without fail, in every bag there is at least a half-rice-cake's-worth of crumbled bits in the bottom by the time I've eaten them all. Often at the top there will be one cake that self-destructs beyond eatability (must be due to rough handling in shipping). The fragility leads to a mess on my desk, lap, keyboard...Enjoy them quickly, 'cause in a couple weeks they'll break up faster and uglier than Donald Trump's marriages.<br /><br />But enjoy them nonetheless, because they are really tasty!
A2MFULGO0TR666	5	Awesome!	0	0	Decicious rice cakes! They don't fall apart like the others. They are whole grain and gluten free! Goes great with peanut butter or jelly!
A5D0QGW9LR7TD	3	cakes-a-crumbly	0	0	i love the rice cakes and have been ordering them for over a year now but...1 out of four times i recieve them,about half are broken and crumbling!i've never complained or returned them but i wonder if there is something that can be done about this?
A1W862RXQK3GRN	5	Rice!	0	0	I have used this product for almost a year, purchasing it from health food stores. Buying from Amazon is much more economical. Good rice cakes!
AJSTGUC7GWMWD	5	good	0	0	I am so glad to have these around for snacking.  The stores around here don't always stock them so it was nice to get an entire boxful, which I am still eating.
A4E4HSG1K1SCB	1	Didn't Care For The Taste	0	1	I was looking forward to getting these to have a healthy snack, but I didn't care for the taste. Won't be ordering them again.
