A2M2R9S472I3MV	5	Brit's do it best!	2	2	"I've tried all the USA tea brands and the Brit's have  the best ""English"" Breakfast tea. I was happy and surprised that Amazon had this brand available. My local grocery carried this brand for years and has now dedicated the space to major American brands. None of them compare. Taylors of Harrogate Is the best!"
A3JDB2GJ1DSGAO	5	Morning Tea	1	1	If you are on the go and must use tea bags, these are the best; hands down.
A29WGLGLP2RTGK	5	Excellent!	1	1	What a wonderful find!  I have been enjoying Taylors of Harrogate tea for years (orange and gold boxes), but their black label teas are even better!  The English tea is smooth and flavorable - good any time of day!!
A13ZSSQFQVCC4T	5	A Wonderful Cup of tea	1	1	While traveling in Ireland I was served this wonderful tea..<br />ever since I got back (2yrs ago) I have enjoyed this tea<br />daily..Very smooth and bite...so when you want to relax with<br />a good cup of tea, this is the one I would suggest.
A1FXQ7QQF7PMZS	5	Very enjoyable experience	1	1	Very seldom you find an excellent product for an exceptional price and then receive fast shipping.
A13STKDYQO5DQ8	5	Yum yum and double yum.	4	6	"A good solid taste of strong British Tea, the secret is to warm the teapot first with a sluicing through of boiled water.<br /><br />When you make the tea, one bag for every two people is required and stir the brew and let it stand or ""mash"" for 2-3mins before pouring. NEVER, NEVER, EVER make it directly in a cup or mug. If you are not following these simple guidelines then you really are wasting your time and money."
A3LPC3J8SF4KG3	5	My favorite black tea	0	0	I have a family member currently living in Herrogate, England. He sent me some of this tea and I was immediately in love! I have been drinking tea my entire life and consider myself fairly schooled on teas. This is simply the best English Breakfast tea I have ever tasted! There is no bitter aftertaste and it is in no way a weak tea. My mother in law is currently in England and is bringing me back more of this lovely tea. It is great to know that when I run out again I can order it straight from my favorite online store, Amazon!
A2B8FXMQGOYG21	5	Converted!	0	0	I never really understood the obsession with english breakfast tea, but it seems that was because I hadn't tried Taylors of Harrogate EB.  Oh my wow, I am a converted EB tea drinker now.  A couple of cups every evening, it just makes you feel like everything is gonna be okay.
AJ7CJ7A8REGYU	4	Good But Prefer Scottish	0	0	I'm going through a tea comparison phase.<br />I drink both hot and cold tea, and I add lemon to the cold tea.<br />All the Taylor bagged teas I've tried have been top quality; the English Breakfast is a very good tasting tea, but I prefer the Scottish Breakfast tea, which has a more distinct flavor. This is a matter of taste more than a matter of quality.
ASPAPV5DW1YSV	4	First thing in the morning, every day	0	0	"Call it either being in a rut or being smart enough to stay with something good, I have some form of Taylor's of Harrogate ""... Breakfast"" tea first thing every morning. I've mostly stuck with the British Isles with the English, Irish and Scottish Breakfast teas. Can't say I hugely prefer one over the other; they all give just the right taste and kick for the morning. I like the big 2-cup bags too. I just make an oversize cup of tea for myself and it lasts a bit longer."
A20FK68BUB1IVA	5	Rich tea for someone who loves tea	1	2	I love Taylors of Harrogate teas.  There was only one local store which carried it, and as they stopped, I'm going to have to break down and buy it on-line with shipping.  This tea is so rich.  I know it is sacrilege to say this, but in the interest of cost savings, I sometimes reuse teabags.  Taylors of Harrogate is the only brand where you can get two good cups of tea from one teabag.  It is simply lovely.
AXO4PQU0XG3TG	4	$24.47, lasted six months but lacks the fragrance and depth of St. James	1	5	This is a tolerable tea similar to Twinings.<br /><br />I regret this purchase.
ADGJVYC0G7CE2	1	Worst Purchase Ever Made on Amazon	0	4	This English Breakfast tea is terrible and to think that I bought 300 tea bags. It has no flavor even with  major steeping time, it's simply dull! I have purchased Taylors of Harrogate English Breakfast tea in the past but this one is a dud. If you want a cup of bracing English Breakfast tea, this is not the product - from a 30 years tea drinker.
