A1BWPKMS736AHP	5	best potato chips	9	10	I love these potato chips.  I've been eating Season's potato chips for years.  When I buy the unsalted ones, I add a little salt on my own.  They're cooked with peanut oil, which doesn't leave the slight aftertaste that many oils other than this and canola oil do, in my experience. These chips have a great mouth 'feel',light and crisp, not too hard or crunchy.  I highly recommend giving them a try.
A2OOE11F4SE33A	5	Great Tasting, heart healthy chips	7	8	What a find.  For those persons who need no (or low at best) salt and low fat food it is hard to find snack foods that actually taste good.  These chips really do!!  I love them and even for those who can eat anything without remorse these chips will still taste good.  Highly recommended.
A18BQQQDKKTY2	5	Michael Season's Ripple chips are a hit with wife!	2	2	We first discovered and bought Michael Season's at Fred Meyer because they are reduced fat and salt, and the taste and consistency are great. But FM stocks only Thin and Crispy and my wife wanted a sturdier version to use with dips. After getting product descriptions from the Michael Season's web site we discovered that they also make reduced fat and sodium Ripple chips. Found that Amazon had them in stock, ordered and received them promptly with free shipping. My wife says that she likes the taste as much as the Thin and Crispy and that the Ripple also stand up to using with thick dips.<br /><br />Also we found that Michael Season's are almost entirely whole chips, whether ordered online or bought from a store, unlike Frito-Lay. After I watched a Frito-Lay sales and stock person literally crush each bag of F-L chips apparently so that he could get more bags into the allotted space I could understand why. Michael Season's is a winner for several reasons. And with Amazon, the price per bag is lower than if bought locally.
A2F0PCVFFG3PQZ	5	Perfect potato chips!	2	2	These are great - very light and crispy, and not greasy. I love the fact that they're unsalted, which is almost impossible to find.
A38HB9LSYK8ILT	5	Best Product ever tasted	2	2	I have tried the unsalted thin and crispy. They are excellent.<br /><br />We have also tried the chesse poofs and cheese curls which are glutten free.<br />For themto be gluten free and taste so good. Our kids love the taste.<br /><br />Espcially now that they are on a special glutten fre diet.... those cheese puffs have become there favorite.<br /><br />Excellent  food choice.
A3AZ8ZRNK2SS07	5	Best!	1	1	These are the BEST chips ever!  I hate chips that are ruined by mass quantities of salt.  These chips actually taste like...wait for it...POTATO!  The only thing wrong with them is that they are so good I can't stop eating them!  Light, crisp, not greasy, and tasty.  Could it get any better?
A28K9G0BI2695B	5	These Chips Taste Like The Potato They Came From!	1	1	As many have said, it is very difficult to find a chip that isn't loaded with salt and so much grease you need an entire roll of paper towels to clean up with after just a few bites. You can actually taste the potato these chips were cut from and because of the intense potato taste, you don't miss the salt.
A2W31XL8X75C0G	5	Delicious and satisfying	1	1	Not greasy, not salty, not dry (like baked chips), and the best part..don't have to eat the whole bag to feel satisfied.  I'm sold!
A11UPNFYDICF3C	5	Best Not-Baked Chip We've Tried!	1	1	We truly enjoy these chips, and were delighted to find them on sale at Amazon! We experienced a great savings over the healthier, food choices aisle price, of our grocery. They are not greasy, or overly salted, but absolutely delicious! A great, heart healthier option, that still has great potato chip taste! Also holds up fantastic with dips! :)
A14YIZZHS51A0U	5	Fantastic Snack	1	1	I tried, and love these chips. My local store carries them at over 4 dollars each.  I save over 15 dollars on every case.  I'm trying the salt free next!
A18GKCC69KPR51	5	Great Healthy chips yes.	1	1	I only knew of one company that made no sodium chips and they stopped making them. Yeah, to see them back and surprisingly, they fill me up better than regular salty chips and keep blood pressure low. Health and taste rarely combine, and for once it has.
A3LCKU7LIE45ZM	2	dissapointed	2	3	I was dissapointed this potato chips, tast ok, not very crunchy and all broked tiny pieces.
A2J3PR6J36UTVH	5	Michael Seasons Unsalted Potato Chips	0	0	These are the best chips ever!  They are unsalted and being on a low sodium diet critical in allowing my husband and I to eat chips.  They are all natural and low fat which is a great extra bonus.  Additionally they have the BEST flavor...you really taste the potato flavor and not the salt!  I would choose these chips over ANY chip on the market today, salted or not!! These chips as well as ANY unsalted chips are very hard to find in the stores so THANK YOU Amazon for selling them.
A1IGC4M194ENJP	2	Amazon Michael Season's Thin & Crispy Unsalted Potato Chips - Sad news	0	0	The taste was very good on this product but I bought the 12 pkg plan and the bags each were anywhere from 1/3 to 1/2 crumbs or small pieces you would only use on top of a casserole.  No dipping or presentation wise nothing.<br /><br />However since I need unsalted chips they were worth a try and I need to cancel future orders of this one and stay with the Michael Season's kettle ones which of course were more durable and they too taste the same as the others.<br /><br />Amazon please note to cancel automatic shipping on this product but keep the one for the Kettle chips - thanks
ALSCWZ93B5OU4	1	broken up to small pieces	0	0	The chips tasted stale and were so broken up from poor packaging that I could only eat a few from each bag. The bags were crammed into a box that was lightweight, and thus, the problem. I will not be ordering them again.
A1G8E313MN3660	5	Very Tasty Chips	0	0	I bought the Ripple lightly salted chips. I find that the chips are very good as other reviewers have said. I like that that they are lightly salted and it is still enough of a salted taste. The chips were not broken (any more than when you get them in a store) or crushed. They are packaged quite well for shipping. This is February and the expiration date on them is 6 months from now (Aug.). 12-8 0z. pkgs. to a box is a lot of chips but for those who don't know it, the chips can be refrigerated for quite a while, even past the expiration date, and still be as fresh and crispy as if just bought. I put extra crackers and cereal in the fridge too with the same results. I have a fridge in the garage so I can do this. I do recommend these chips.
AB5L26L7IVWHS	5	You Can't Eat Just One....	0	0	12 Bags, with a six month expiration date; packaged well to avoid your typical delivery process of testing the packaging.<br />Chips are as advertised: thin, crispy, & unsalted, but surprisingly flavorable; difficult to stop eating them. There is a fair share of breakage, & a few over-cooked pieces per bag, but no higher than any other chip-seller I've seen.
A3QALZXU8DGLI1	5	The Best	0	0	"<a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000LKXDXU"">Michael Season's Thin & Crispy Unsalted Potato Chip, 8-Ounce Bags (Pack of 12)</a>Michael Season's Unsalted Potato Chips are the best in the market. I was buying them at my local grocery store, but for $3.69 a bag, it was very expensive.  Buying these in bulk for a much lower price makes sense especially if you have at least a bag a week.  I've tried a few others and none compare."
AQHGDYCWX11AL	5	Terrific potato chips	0	0	"Particularly fine product at a competitive price.  Should be carried by major chains for the significant percentage of the population whose doctors recommend reduced sodium intake.  They're losing business when they think there's no market.  I'm sure I am not the only one who has walked past the stores' snack isles for years for lack of an unsalted selection, but I can't buy from an ""empty wagon."""
A9JIJVCETIFKJ	5	Great chips	0	2	I have ordered many boxes of these and have been very happy with them until now.  For some reason the shipment was returned as undeliverable.  Same address as always.  One try at delivering it and they sent it back.  I'll get a refund.  Great.  I want my chips.  Moronic driver?
