A3M2VGWFJGRUOH	4	Very Decent	2	2	Amy's Organic Southwester Chili is really very good--especially for a prepared product in a can. Good flavor and spices.
AV0WPG92CWT0K	1	Hidden Ingredients - disappointing	0	0	"Amy's always has delicious organic and vegetarian food options, which is a wonderful thing, but unfortunately on some of their products they choose to hide ingredients. Amy's Southwestern chili is one of these items - it apparently contains ""spices,"" but Amy's does not respect consumers enough to reveal exactly what those spices are. If you tell Amy's customer service what you cannot have, they will tell you if that particular ingredient is in the mix, but the problem with this of course is that many people have multiple food sensitivities, with varying responses (for instance, the same person may go into anaphylaxis from nuts, get slight hives from citrus, and get the shakes from caffeine or chocolate), and they need to know exactly what is in the food they eat so that if and when they do have an allergic reaction they can figure out what specific ingredient was the culprit and avoid it in the future. If you invite a friend with allergies over to your house and they ask what you put in their food, who in their right mind would make that person play a guessing game to figure out whether they will be poisoned by the food or not?<br /><br />It's a matter of respect, and on this count Amy's has fallen flat on its face. I urge you to avoid all of Amy's products that list vague ingredients, like ""spices"" or ""natural flavors."" Hopefully they will eventually get the hint."
A1OA2ZW406NQXM	5	My Favorite Chili	0	0	"I discovered this chili about a year ago and I've become addicted to it. I have it at least once every two weeks. I usually split it into two servings and serve with sour cream, shredded cheese, and tortilla chips and eat it almost like a dip. I'm on the subscription plan for this!<br /><br />If you like beans, you'll love this chili. Plus, it has very little heat to the taste (even though it says ""Medium""), but will open up your sinuses if you have allergies or a cold that has you stuffed up."
A21IL9JIF9RUYI	1	Hard to recover a meal from this canned product	0	2	I'm usually a fan of Amy's Organics - they provide a reliable gluten-free product that I can easily adapt to my needs. In my kitchen, canned foods are never an end product, but a stepping stone toward a lovingly crafted meal. However, in this case, the can might be beyond my skills of adaptation.<br /><br />CUMIN. Did we have a cumin spill in Amyland? My dear sweet unnamable gods in heaven! One bite of this chili has the most cumin I've ever had in one bite, probably in one meal, maybe one lifetime. This is the cuminiest of cuminy chilis; all other flavors cower in dread of the sheer cumininess of Amy's Organic Southwestern Black Bean Chili.<br /><br />CUMIIIIIIIIIN.<br /><br />It might have beans: I don't know; they could be giant lumps of cumin, for all I can tell. It's probably free of pesticides: However, my kitchen's organic-produce-borne fruitflies are afraid to near my bowl of this; if it hasn't got pesticides, it's certainly an effective pest repellant, and I'm considering rubbing it all over my chili starved body before I go out to the mosquito clouded Weber to grill up some real food. It's touted as vegan, which isn't really a selling point for me: After the first taste of this chili has passed my tongue, the remainder of the can will never brave the touch of flesh again.<br /><br />Back to the kitchen, Amy. Check the smudged details of your recipe real close. Try a milliliter (mL) instead of a barrel (BBL), and I'll try this one again.
