A25G196ALE0F60	5	Triscuits, diet Coke and weight loss... perfect combo!	2	2	It's taken me a year to lose 64 pounds and Triscuits has been a big part of it! A snack with the tomato and olive oil is a legal way to munch in the evening while relaxing in front of the tv. The flavor is great. I ordered it online because it's difficult to find the tomato Triscuits stocked in stores. The bulk price from Amazon.com is comparable to sale prices and better than regular prices in store. By combining it with the tomato Wheat Thins (for my husband), I was able to get free shipping. When the snack turns into my dinner, I use the Triscuits to dip in hummus (for protein). Diet Coke is my treat. Great, healthy way to lose weight! Thanks, Triscuit, for making such a variety of flavors. Thanks, Amazon, for offering great prices, free shipping, fast turn around time, and bubbled packaging so that my crackers weren't broken!
AVUFAVVTULSMN	5	Om nom nom	2	2	I love Triscuits, but the Fire Roasted Tomato & Olive Oil are my favorite flavor. I'm practically addicted to them.
A3ECE51AG6ZK4B	5	Very Good	2	2	It's amazing what a great taste these crackers have, even by themselves --- but coupled with a dip, etc. they beat any other cracker.  A great taste.
A5XDN8QDAKAXX	5	delicious	1	1	love these little crackers.  i combine them with some cheese for a snack and enjoy them much more than the plain versions of triscuits.
A7QXSXQR8XRQH	5	Great tasting, and not too unhealthy for a cracker!	1	1	I was pleasantly surprised at how good these taste!  Plus, they are healthier than most other kinds of crackers.
ANOZX8U7PYR07	5	Love these and they are hard to find!	0	0	My husband is addicted to these and we couldn't find them anywhere.  Bought them in bulk here for his Birthday - it's the only thing he wanted since he was sure they were not coming back, but they are coming back sometime this year.  So no need to hoard them.
A1YLFYR5VN4CYR	5	Triscuits	0	0	"<a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001M09C8I"">Triscuit Fire Roasted Tomato &  Olive Oil, 9.5-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 6)</a><br /><br />Just love these and cannot locate them in The FL Keys.  They came beautifully packaged and most fresh. I eat them every day and use them as a base for catering appetizers. Keep their crispness and full flavor even in humid tropical weather"
A3GTKBYMAHNDG6	5	YES!	0	0	These are seriously just the best cracker in town. I hated Triscuits for the longest time, then a friend turned me on to these and OH GOD I CAN'T STOP. These plus pepper jack...yes!
