AHQJR0V2PBPX5	4	Great Lazy Cup	2	2	"You know, I was sceptical initially.  I am a coffee afficiando - I'm part Cuban for Godsakes.  My wife has been using these k-cups for about two years or so, and I've always turned my nose up at her quick cups.  But I've been too snobby.  I tried one the other day - I had my usual ground and pressed large cup in the morning, and was looking for another smaller cup in the early afternoon.  I didn't feel like pulling out the burr grinder, french press, and boiling the water.  So I poppped a cup in when the wife was out in the garden and tried a cup.  Whatta ya know - not so bad at all.  Good flavor - definitely not just ""dark water.""  It was a good cup of coffee.  Now, of course, it is not the same as the cup I get when I go through what I go through for the near perfect cup I shoot for every early morning.  But for a not-so-bad quick cup, the Keurig system and these k-cups deliver."
A38ZIPBRRVJ1D4	4	Dunkin	1	1	Excellent coffee for the non-coffee snobs. It's as good or better than Dunkin Donuts regular.
A1TT2NY8ULT77J	1	The price is laughable!!	3	4	$125 for 72 K-Kups.  That is absolutely laughable!!  Come on!!  I hope no one falls for this highway robbery.  There are many many online stores that offer K-Kups from Green Mountain (and other companies) for less than 50cents per cup.  Amazon, and their partner in crime here, are trying to charge close to $2 per cup.  Thanks for giving me a good laugh today.
A3BN5A0ZBMKTYB	5	Excellent!	0	0	This brand and flavor of K cup coffee is great...expensive but the taste is so good and satisfying!
AUO4T9IW53266	5	Fair Trade Coffee	0	0	I support purchase of all Fair Trade coffee and hope that the price is will be more affordable.
A3HKMK9GJYBQGB	3	What happened????	0	1	I've been ordering these for a long time - they were $17.95 and now all of a sudden $125?????  AMAZON what the heck R U doing????
A3M3ETMKTOK62E	1	Dark Water	0	4	If you are a serious coffee drinker, this is not the one for you. With the k-cup technology, it's not as though you have to practice making coffee as the work is done for you. Whether on the smallest or middle setting, I can't taste coffee! To me, it's Dark Water. If I could have rated it 0 stars, I would have. I tried but I kept getting the request to rate the coffee. For me, it has 0 stars.
