AFKALC34URYEY	5	Great product at good price	32	35	My husband and I got into a serious Indian food run a few months ago.  Chicken Tikka is now on standard rotation along with meatloaf and taco night.  We had picked up this ghee at our local world market and when I found that Amazon had it available on Subscribe & Save I signed up right away.  This ghee is tasty and has the added bonus of being an import of Canada so it is rBGH free as Canada bans the use of the growth hormone.
A132F99XI8UCMD	3	There's better ghee out there	8	8	Bought this on subscribe and save, so it was ~$14 for the jar, which I thought was a steal.  However, I was not that impressed by the quality of the ghee; taste was also inferior to others I've tried.  It was separated and kind of granular, whereas other ghee is solidified and homogeneous.  We will be canceling our S&S to try another type.
A2SS44O400KIZ7	5	what a surprise	8	9	I thought I was taking a chance on this item. Golly---I'm so glad I did. It does have a slightly nutty flavor. I tried it with tapioca toasted bread and added some raw honey. It was great.  I will stay on suscribe with this.  Thanks for the great product I have never heard of before. I am learning a lot at Amazon.com. They seem to have everything. This is a quality product that I don't think you should pass up.
A2IU2U3J4H2XY6	5	Can't Complain	4	4	Speaking as an Indian, I can say that this ghee is up to par and doesn't offer any opportunities to complain. I've used it in a lot of recipes and it tastes as good as the stuff back home. I'd recommend it to anyone looking to get ghee without going through the process of making it themselves.
A3UHFQT4E3R2D3	5	Better than butter	11	14	People familiar with Indian cuisine already know ghee: it's like butter with all the junk that can burn taken out.  Use this in your pan instead of butter and you'll have the advantages of oil with the creamy richness of unsalted butter.  Besides Indian dishes, I use it to make excellent grilled cheese sandwiches with crispy golden exteriors.<br /><br />As ghee goes, this is a fine one.  If you prefer a ghee that has the runny golden oil component this may not be what you seek if the jar I got was representational.  What I got was mostly solids, which I am fine with, as I have no preference.  I have bought many makes of ghee over the years and this is very good.  I bought this ghee to bump an order total up to get free shipping, and was not disappointed.<br /><br />I can make no claims about the healthy qualities of ghee as opposed to butter - all I can tell you is that it is great for cooking and tastes terrific.
A3846USG795X3F	2	Great flavor but very soupy	7	9	This ghee has a great, buttery flavor but is very, very soupy. I've used other ghees which were are solid at room temperature. This one is not and I don't care for that.
AZFBYRPT4WN56	1	Yuk	2	2	Not a big lover of this particular ghee.  It is soupy and doesn't have the good flavor I expected it to.  Next time I will buy ghee that is packaged in a glass jar instead of a plastic bottle...maybe it will taste better then.
A3LOQG103I6738	3	Weird consistency	1	1	I love the taste of ghee butter and this one tastes great. However, the consistency of it is like oil. It is weird and annoying if you want to spread it on toast. The consistency stays that way in air conditioned house.
A1KEIIW32S1EJ8	3	you get what you pay	1	1	I have all the time purity Farm from CO and wow is this good the last time I did order this Ghee butter and I was happy with for cooking... and I did order a second time .......but wow was this a bad quality ... well I guess :-)<br /><br />NOW IT IS ONLY PURITY FARM ...  and not more changing around ...... then you get what you pay for<br /><br />and this Ghee butter was the last time ... then I did not even get what I paid for ...
A1S7Y4GA2KN611	3	Flavor is off	3	4	I've used other organic brands, this one just doesn't taste good to me. Almost rancid, definitely old. I far prefer Purity Farms, although it costs twice as much.<br /><br />Still, a decent product for cooking and making bread.  Not so good for slathering on bread.  I'll not reorder this brand.
A354ZTIM84W91	5	Love it!	3	4	I never tried Ghee before even though it was recommended to me. When you cook with it, it is butter without the burn and has a heartier flavor than butter. I use it anywhere I would use butter and feel the taste is superior.
A35I08Q851LQ2G	1	will throw it away!	2	3	This ghee has a horrible taste I cannot get used to!<br /><br />I tried to like it but to no avail.<br /><br />It separates in two layers in the plastic (yuck!) jar.  And the texture is granular and lumpy.  Just looks wrong. Tastes plastic-y too.<br /><br />I admit, I am new to ghee, but I know that much: this product is going into the trash.  Cooking with butter might not be as healthy, but this stuff just tastes nasty!<br /><br />Do NOT buy.  Amazon will NOT let you return it (their policy for all food items) !
A3H6VONFD999YS	5	Delicious	2	3	We have recently switched to a paleo/primal way of eating and were struggling to find how to replace butter.  I am so glad we have found ghee!  Delicious addition to any dish.
A3SIZC600PA0AW	4	Did I love the lobster or the ghee?	0	0	This is my first pre-made ghee purchase after reading about it. I got this brand because of the price and the size given. It's big enough you'll be able to do some cooking with it without using half the container. As soon as I got it I had to try it. My first impressions.. it's a pale opaque yellow color and there are solids in it while as a whole it's runny enough to go off a spoon. The taste brought me back to eating lobster. Rich, flavorful and it made me forget about the little lumps of the solids in it at room temperature. It was so good it made me wonder what was better the lobster or being able to dunk it in the fresh made ghee the restaurant served. I heated some up for just ten seconds or so and all the grittiness disappeared and it turns into a bright, clear yellow state and the strength of the flavor seems to mellow out. Regular butter is extremely bland compared to this delicious stuff. I need to try the other brands out there to see if they're able to blend the consistency better at room temperature.
A36WGHR8TO5DKT	4	Very Handy	0	0	I used to do a lot of Indian cooking, and made my own ghee in those days.  I decided to try a pre-made one again for the convenience, and bought this.  It's not the best pre-made ghee I've ever had, but it was the least expensive option on amazon.com when I bought it, and it's perfectly fine for everyday use.  I mean, ghee is just clarified butter; it's hard to screw that up and make a really bad one!  In my opinion, this one has a particularly strong flavor, which is a plus since you need less of it, and that also makes it a good mixer for combining with other oils such as olive oil (half and half ghee and olive oil makes a good sauteing oil for vegetables).  Use a little of this and maybe some other oil to saute potatoes or a variety of things and get a great and different flavor.  You probably won't need to add any additional butter either.  Also, if you want to make your grains like rice extra-tasty, saute the dry, uncooked grains a bit first in ghee, before adding the water to finish cooking them.  It is worth trying that easy extra step!
A1AUEXBG2MXTUQ	5	Butter lover	0	0	This was my first time purchasing ghee. It's wonderful to use on eggs, veggies, whatever. I don't even have to worry about serving it to lactose intolerant guests either. Butter lovers, go to the next level!
A1X1RNOVE1IUTG	5	nanak pure desi ghee AMAZING	0	0	"is is the best price I have found ANYWHERE and the taste is better than other Ghee I have tried want movie theater butter? drizzle with this ghee and a bit of salt MUCH healthier! I am starting to use this with cod liver oil as its supposed to work harmoniously with it, the color is very deep like the photo and the ""high vitamin butter oil"" is way more for much less this seems to be about the same thing!"
A3F1T7JV6AD9K1	4	Ghee - a great product!	0	0	This is a great product when you don't have time to make clarified butter or just simply don't have it on hand.
AVSQ0D9545XYN	4	Ghee is good to cook with	0	0	We love to cook with ghee.  This is pretty good but a little watery.  The other brand we used to buy was a little thicker but more expensive.  Once again, can't beat prime, I can order it and have it in two days.  Love not having to go to the store, plus ghee is hard to find in stores.
A2776XCRM5VYZY	5	Excellent and Delicious Product	1	2	I wasn't sure what to expect with this product but am absolutely delighted with it.  The texture and taste is wonderful and has improved the taste of everything I use it with.  I am very, very pleased with this purchase and with this product.  I highly recommend it to everyone.
A15J1EFSHW5WSL	5	Nanak Pure Desi Ghee, 28 oz Autoship	1	2	Desi Ghee is the BEST and easiest to use so far!  I love how it stays firm when it's cool, and softens at room temp.  Great to saute veggies in, and makes the best mac n cheese ever! LOVE the convenience of the autoship, thanks! Since this is from Canada, there are no hormones, or other gunk included!  Nanak Pure Desi Ghee, Clarified Butter, 28-Ounce Jar
A2HIV2R48FBSXG	5	Quality product and a good value	1	2	Just started using Ghee.  After pricing products locally, ended up ordering Nanak Pur Desi Ghee.  Product is good quality, was shipped promptly and a good value.
A2SMS99GDP1R5N	5	Excellent Ghee	1	2	Nanak Ghee is of the highest quality and purity.  The company ships promptly and packs items carefully. I will continue to do buiness with them on a regular basis.
A3336EYM08OMDY	5	great product	2	4	Great quality for the money. Good service. I've been using this in recipes and on bread and it's very tasty.
A2GUC70EFB9PRZ	5	Great Product	0	1	I've used this product before and I just love it in fact, I like this better than olive oil and or the other types of cooking oils. I don't know what the calorie content and I don't care because clarified butter just makes everything taste better. Try it, I know<br />you'll enjoy it as much if not more.
A2CBOY11CWWDLX	5	Tastes Delicious!!!	0	1	This is the first time that I am buying this product. I've used almost half of the container and it is great for cooking. My family loves it and I will be buying more in the near future.
A1NGF708R4QTRZ	4	Worth it	1	4	This what they use in restaurants to cook with. Most flat grills have a pan of this on the corner of it and use it to cook with.  If you buy it with subscribe and save it cost even less
A1L64BEDAEXT8	1	taste to oily	0	4	I didn't like the teste taste to oily I made a mistake by ordering this big size<br />I didn't like the teste taste to oily I made a mistake by ordering this big size
