A30Q0VM236EL8C	1	Made my dog sick; $400 vet bill.	27	29	I bought these for my 3 month-old lab. I also bought some other treats (dehydrated liver, Kong biscuits, bully sticks). 1-2 days after feeding these to my lab she got violently ill -- vomiting and diarrhea. Took her to the vet and after an overnight stay and IV fluids, the vet had no idea what it was. They decided to x-ray her to see if something was blocking her intestines. Nothing. After antibiotics and rest she was back to her normal high energetic self. I gave her more of these sweet potato fries about a week after her first sickness episode.... and 24 hrs later she was vomiting again.  I was worried, but figured that it must be something I was feeding her. I then examined the package and saw these are made in China.  I threw them out and my puppy has been fine since. Logic points to these treats.... I will no longer buy food items for my dog from China. Nobody else has posted anything about ill reactions to these treats, but search around, lots of dog treats from China are making our dogs sick.
ASO6KXTH9S4AA	5	My dog loves these!	4	4	"I got a dog from the SPCA a few months ago, and learned that in addition to being slightly overweight, he also requires a grain-free diet due to allergies. He also can't have chicken and a few other things, which makes it hard to find treats I can give him. My vet suggested these, since she gives them to her own dogs. My little guy loves them! They're also low calorie, so I can provide them liberally without worrying. I have since shared some with friends, and their dogs love them, too. I have seen these in my local pet shop for a few dollars more, so I think the price is good. I've gone through a couple of containers by now and my dog still comes running for them when I say ""treat!"". Highly recommend these."
AUASOITZP6E5Z	1	LIKE ROCKS	2	2	THESE POTATO FRIES ARE AS HARD AS ROCKS.I KNOW THAT THE SUPERMARKET HAS POTATO FRIES AND THEY ARE SOFT CHEWABLES. THESE POTATO FRIES ARE STALE. DO NOT BUY!!
A3LBQO6FC3W9NX	1	Disappointed	1	1	Ordered this product before and contents were very soft and fresh.  This time contents were hard and dry.<br />I was very disappointed but my little puppy was even more disappointed.
A39ZK72NUDQVAP	1	Not the same quality as previous purchases	1	1	I used to buy these from Amazon at least 2-3 times a month.  The last 2 shipments were hard as a rock and the potatoes looked like plastic.  I definitely did not give these to my shih tzu. The treats used to be softer and you could tear them into smaller pieces.  The last ones I received I couldn't even cut with a knife.  I won't be buying these any more until I start seeing some positive reveiws.
A3EUARC24JRMNQ	3	MADE IN CHINA!	1	1	These are manufactured in China.<br /><br />While my little Maltese absolutely loves these, I can no longer risk his life by buying anything for him to eat that is made in China.  It seems that every couple of months in the news, there is a new set of canine deaths being reported by owners who fed their dog(s) food or treats manufactured in China.  It is really scary.<br /><br />My dog is like family to me.  I'm not going to risk his life or a huge vet bill to save a buck or two on food made in China by a culture of people that lace toys they sell us with lead and other harmful chemicals.
A3OYPP8NRW7GFP	1	My 7 dogs LOVE them!	1	1	After reading the negative review about the person's dog getting ill from these, I had to add my own 2 cents.  Like that person, I never buy anything made outside of the US for my dogs.  Until I bought these, on accident.  I can sympathize with his dog getting ill -- but I have 7 dogs and they all love these and have never gotten sick.  I keep the jar (love that it's a jar) by the door as a potty treat reward.  They love them.  I have all different breeds and sizes.  Even a bulldog with a sensitive tummy.  She has no problem with these.  These are the only treats I will buy from another country.  They're healthy, low calorie and my dogs will come inside from way back in the yard for these!<br /><br />Update 11/28/11:  Ordered my third jar of these and they were hard as a rock.  Not fresh and pliable as the first two jars.  Contacted Amazon CS, who wanted me to return them for credit.  Too much of a hassle...I tossed them.  Not buying these anymore.  Switching to another brand. Freshness date was many months away so it wasn't a rotate stock issue.  Changed my star rating from 5 stars to 1 star.
A14LYZ149R4EJR	5	Dog's Love This	1	1	Wanted to give my dogs a different type of treat other than the standard dog biscuit and decided to try these. My dogs absolutely love these sweet potato fries.  All I have to do is reach for the jar and  I've got their undivided attention. Will keep buying these as long as Amazon offers them at this price.
A1XIMVS4ISKLQK	5	Great treat for dogs!	1	1	My dog has food allergies. She is not supposed to have any beef or chicken products.  This limits the kind of treats she can have.  She loves the sweet potato treats!
A1W1A78D6C34Y3	5	Favorite Treats Ever!	1	1	My dog loves these treats more than anything else. They are a nice change from the dry biscuit or meat flavored treats. This shipped in a timely manner. The lid has to twist all the way off in order to get treats out.
A14OGYY5K6G46I	5	Good dog treats	1	1	My dog loves these treats.  The order was received in a timely manner.  I like having the plastic jar as it is much easier for storage than the bags.
A1BOMF5M0H54S6	3	Who knows?	0	0	Have ordered twice before...first time they were nice and soft, second time, HARD!Hopefully by now the company is aware of this. Gonna try again and if they are hard, I will never order these again.
A2MKUXOITPBTRC	5	Chewy	0	0	My dogs weigh about 50 pounds each.  They really like the chewy dried sweet potato.  The pieces are large, and difficult to cut, so smaller dogs may not be able to chew them easily.
AR1YWZ3EGNV2Z	5	sweet potato fries	0	0	i have three dogs and they LOVE these.  i just ordered again and will buy again and again.  great price!
A20MODQMZIDJIW	2	Dog would not eat	0	0	I have a 13 year old pug and he eats EVERYYHING but would not touch these treats.  I tried several times but wouldnt take a bite.  Threw them in the garbage.
A2KSP2NXQD7Q6P	5	Dogs Bark for Sweet Potato!	0	0	Yep, this is yet another winner in my household. All 7 dogs jump for this treat and devour it like I never even gave them a treat in the first place. I get jumps and spins and barks for this winner of a treat! This will be on my staple of list of things to buy!
A7II4ZFVTB5D3	5	If theyre Hard, Try this	0	0	"i'm noticing some people complaining that in recent times the sweet potato treets are coming ""hard as a rock""...i too have gotten them that way and frankly don't understand why one shipment can be perfect while another can be so ""off"", but Ive figured out a way i can still give them to my dogs and they can still enjoy them and they don't go to waste (frankly they're too expensive to) ... have 2 dogs, so i usually give them 2-3 sticks each per serving. i take them put them in a small bowl put enough water in the bowl so they are floating and then microwave them for exactly 22 seconds, then let them sit for about a minute, afterward i swirl them around in the bowl , them drain out the hot water and then put some cold water in the bowl to cool them down, drain again, dry them a little on a paper towel and then give them to the dogs...they actually like them better this way, they're still chewy but warm and softer. You might give it a try."
A3S3BHTQRFXGFK	4	Sweet potato fries	0	0	Got he item in due time .  Mydogs beg for them every morning after they eat their dog food.  Highly recommend the item
A1BIKTFD3T7KUE	1	Company changed the way these are made for the WORST	0	0	"My dogs LOVED the former sliced and dehydrated type.<br />The ""new"" ones are so processed and formed they drop immediately and leave them lay.<br />By the time I opened this container the return time had expired.  DO NOT BUY!<br />The good reviews are for the former type which WERE great treats."
A3C8OLTF4V1SWX	5	Favorite treat	0	0	My dog will choose this treat over almost anything else. I like them because she can't devour them in 2 bites, she must actually chew for a bit. Thanks for a great product!
A2PNX11BWHC7CF	2	Hard as a rock	0	0	My pitbull has extreme allergies and this is one treat she can actually have. I normally can get this locally at Target, however the sell out quick so I thought I would get them here online. I have order 4 different times and they are always hard as a rock. These treats are suppose to be pliable and soft, not hard and stale.
AMEAU76J9Y0NJ	4	jj	0	0	My dogs love these things. All natural product so they are a better treat for them. The dogs line up every night and can't wait to get the bed time snack !
A29NX1MABRX49Z	5	Chewy!	0	0	Our dog really likes these treats. We used to buy another brand of dried sweet potato fries, but they apparently have quit making the sweet-potato only treats.  The Beefeaters brand dried sweet potato fries have the consistency of stiff leather, so our dog actually chews them instead of swallowing them whole.
A2PTY4262SJWKS	1	Disappointed!!!	0	0	My dog just loves these treats.  Wish I could buy them locally, I have not found any stores that still carry this product.  Have ordered before with little problems.  This time the seal was broken and the treats were as hard as a ROCK!!!  not worth shipping them back, and will never purchase again!!
A28QTVEFQX6Y9X	5	My Frenchie approves	0	0	My pup has been eating these since she was just 8 weeks old and she LOVES them (she's 5 months now).  I cut them up into bite-sized pieces and that way it lasts forever.  These treats are also very chewy so your dog actually has spend some time to eat these instead of snarfing them down.  That's probably the best part of these, to me.
A41MUF99UCY19	5	My dogs love these	0	0	My dogs loves these and they are so good for them. Everyone should get this product and you will see what I mean.
A1JWO6YVALFXBZ	5	Good and Cheap	0	0	Lots of treats and for the price they cant be beat !!!<br /><br /> I have always liked these because they dont make your hand smell bad after handling them.
A2LDQXCZI6TYH1	5	bailey's choice	0	0	This is Bailey's favorite treat.  I tried other brands and he did not like.  The beefeaters are his favorite.  I think they are better for him than many other treats.
A2J9BRIG5PG99E	5	Dog's Sensitive Stomach Remedy	0	0	My dog has a sensitive stomach so this product helps to control the acid level in his stomach when he is eating his meals.
A25E0TYL2W66ZZ	3	Dog Treats	0	1	I thought I would receive a much larger canister for the price. It sure doesn't seem like one pound of sweet potato fries dog snacks.
