A217RWSFWVBD6T	1	CAVEAT EMPTOR:  buying in bulk is always risky business	0	0	"*** Shopping via Amazon as marketplace, I've purchased in bulk out of convenience and my prior satisfaction rate has been 100%, this experience takes it down to 99% *** The specific item review has previously been purchased locally from the many local Asian-markets in San Francisco on many occasions, wanting to make this at home.  Familiarity with, and of product result expectation was set; having also tried the differing levels of ""heat"" to find my preference.  I made one-box using grass-fed, organic ground pork, adding chopped green onions for garnish and added preferential tastes post-cooking.  To my shock and dismay, the finished product had an obvious chemical taste which was undeniable, and putting over rice did not help.  Sadly, though understandably I had to toss the meal - a total loss of time and money committed on all components.  I went out to eat.  Upon return I checked the box to make the expiration had not already been met, something I should have done upon receipt but failed to do, though in the end the date was set at ""March/19/2014"", so that wasn't it.  The next day I tried again but used free-range ground chicken meat and the chemical-taste was still ever present, indicating the mix, not the chicken.  What's up with that taste the was never present before?  Was it the batch?  Was it the way it was handled at some point between manufacturing, warehousing, the vendor, or any of the carriers between those points or later the carrier from whom it arrived literally into my arms?  I cannot say with any certainty.  What I will say, is from this I've learned for myself, that I'll need to continue to shop locally, living in San Francisco I gave up having a car and driving years ago.  That being said I'll make the most of where and when I get to the Asian-markets, believing that they, too, can receive a bad batch but that I'd be the one to have to tell them would be less likely.  In closing, I'd remind you, dear reader, that this was my experience only, and I don't have enough info to fault any point of this transaction.  We live in a world that's come to care less in standards having been previously set for good reasons, standard that are no longer being met to be kept as signs of good faith to ""buy as is"" in the convenience market of products we end up buying to bring a little pleasure into our busy lives.  ""Caveat emptor"".  Going forward, I'll either have this item only at restaurants or have to find a recipe that is easy and that I enjoy making at home."
