A1MAZD6BBYAMOR	4	Good GF Cracker!	5	5	"These crackers are normally on the expensive side, but Amazon was having a sale that made them only about $2 per box -- so I thought they would be worth a try. One thing I like about them is that each box has two pouches inside; each pouch has two ""servings"" so you don't have to worry too much about them going stale once the box is opened!<br />These crackers have a nice texture. The most noticeable flavor is kind of an anise seed taste, which I found surprising at first but it grew on me after I ate a couple of crackers. My son and I polished off the first little pouch we opened in a matter of minutes; we've both been missing a good cracker!<br />I don't know that I would pay full price for a case of these crackers, but I am going to go order more while they're still on sale! I think they'll be good with tuna salad, slices of ham and cheese, or any number of things that go well with crackers!"
AE23TVGWVLJIX	1	Yucky Fennel	2	2	I don't understand why a cracker called Multigrain has a strong Fennel flavor.  I wish I had read the reviews so I knew and I would not have purchased them.  We don't like fennel at our house so we don't like these crackers.
AK8LOFYRZJJW0	4	Great new flavor!	2	2	I've been a fan of the original Glutino crackers since I found out I had celiac disease. When I found out about the new flavors I ordered a case of each.  The Multigrain is basically the same as the original, with a white rice flour and corn starch base, but has the addition of fennel seeds and poppy seeds which gives them a unique flavor.  I really liked them, and so did the kids.
A1EX0Q3UV4SQR0	1	"WARNING! ""New Improved Flavor"" WARNING!"	1	1	"REPEAT BUYERS BE AWARE<br />Warning!!  ""New Improved Flavor""  Warning!!<br /><br />This is one of very few reviews of any product I have bought on Amazon. Certainly my longest. Don't usually bother writing reviews online but I feel this is important enough to note so others will know. I did also write a note to the manufacturer.<br /><br />Glutino Multigrain Gluten Free Crackers were one of the few GF & dairy free crackers I really likED. My most recent order arrived and I popped one in my mouth and thought ""did I order the wrong thing?"". These crackers tasted totally different, & not in a good way! Only then did I take a closer look at the the box & noticed ""new improved flavor!"" printed on it. In my opinion, totally ruined the great (old version) flavor, just a blah, bland, nondescript cracker of worse consistency like most others. For those that disliked the fennel flavor you will be happy to know that the fennel has been removed, a bad thing in my opinion. If you wanted a bland GF multigrain cracker there are plenty of them out there. They don't work as well as they have for me in the past in settling my stomach because the fennel has been removed.<br /><br />!! The sodium content has increased by nearly 75% (260mg vs. 150 mg per same serving size) !!<br /><br />""new Coke"" anyone?<br /><br />Why mess with something that WAS already a really great product? It is my feeling that ""new improved flavor"" really is ""cheaper to make, worse flavor"". What were they thinking?<br /><br />So I WARN potential repeat buyers - you should probably try a box if you can get it locally before ordering a case of the ""new improved flavor"". I am VERY disappointed! Will have to find a replacement!<br /><br />For those who would like to know and compare here are the ingredients from the boxes, original and ""new improved"" (and don't forget - w/75% more sodium)<br /><br />Original: CORN STARCH, WHITE RICE FLOUR, ORGANIC PALM OIL, MODIFIED CORN STARCH, DEXTROSE, LIQUID WHOLE EGGS, YEAST, SALT, FENNEL SEEDS, POPPY SEEDS, GUAR GUM, AMMONIUM BICARBONATE, SODIUM BICARBONATE, MONO & DIGLYCERIDES, NATURAL FLAVOR.<br /><br />New Improved: CORN STARCH, WHITE RICE FLOUR, ORGANIC PALM OIL, MODIFIED CORN STARCH, DEXTROSE, LIQUID WHOLE EGGS, PREGELATINIZED RICE FLOUR, SUNFLOWER LECITHIN, BUCKWHEAT BRAN, SALT, POPPY SEEDS, GUAR GUM, FLAX SEEDS, SODIUM BICARBONATE, AMMONIUM BICARBONATE, ROSEMARY EXTRACT"
A3FN2JFIR5598P	3	Unique flavor,but they were expired...	1	1	"Unique flavor - read the other reviews!  If you are expecting a ""Sun Chip"" multigraind taste, that's not what you'll find with these crackers - they are unlike any ""multigrain"" item I've ever eaten.  Visible fennel seeds and poppy seeds in them - and the fennel taste is strong.  At first I thought black licorice, even.  Very strong.  Cheese on them helps to cut back on that flavor if you aren't a big fan of it.  Unfortunately, the case I ordered was past the expiration date, which I didn't realize until we'd eaten half of the first box!  So check that when you get them - but Amazon did an amazingly fast refund for me, which I thought was great customer service.  I'd probably try the plain flavor if I bought them again."
A9P5AGBWNZ8ML	1	Tastes BURNT!	0	0	"I had bought the ""original"" version of this brand of crackers a few months ago when I went gluten free. I thought they were... eh... not great (2-3 stars at best), but at least better than nothing when I'm craving cheese and crackers or want crackers in my soup. When I saw the ""whole grain"" version in a store last week, I picked up a box assuming I'd like these better. They are AWFUL!!! I don't know if I got a bad batch, but each bite has a horrible burnt aftertaste. They taste so burned, I'm looking closely at them to see if they are black on one side or something (they aren't). Is it the black speckly ""multi-grain"" inside? Maybe they burned the tiny seeds/grains and cooked them in anyway? Again, maybe I just got a funky batch, but I'm not buying these again."
A2X74BQK67SFG7	5	Great Snack Cracker	0	0	I enjoy cheese and crackers with fruit.  This is a great tasting snack cracker with multigrains.  The box has two foil pouches so they stay fresh.  I'm glad Amazon is selling gluten free products.  The replenishment program works well.
A28QWDUS2ORXSJ	1	Bad batch?	0	0	Glutino crackers are one of my favorites, but this last box of 6 I received are inedible!  The only way to describle it is that they taste like they were made with stale or rancid oil.  They are 'heavy' now instead of light, and flavorless except for the oil taste.  Alot of the crackers are broken also.  I am so disappointed.  I should have sent them back, but I was hoping that only one box was affected.  Looks like they all are nasty and that I have nothing more than expensive bird food...if they'll even eat it.
AYGJ96W5KQMUJ	3	Cracker's OK for cheese or other toppings	0	0	"I didn't find these crackers to have flavor, but they are a nice size and shape (about the size of a Ritz cracker, but heavier and sturdier), and they are perfect for topping with cheese.  If they're not especially tasty, at least they have none of the slimy glutinous feel of rice crackers either.<br /><br />I greatly prefer the taste of <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001YJBLMM"">Crunchmaster Multi-Grain Crackers Gluten Free 20 oz.</a>, a very tasty cracker I have trouble keeping in the house because my non-celiac spouse loves them too.  But at least the Glutino crackers don't disappear when I'm not looking.  No one but me snacks on them, and their more substantial size makes them a better choice for cheese and crackers than the Crunchmaster crackers."
A1238Y170RE9T2	2	Love the product disappointed in the content received	0	0	We ordered a 6 pk of the glutino multigrain crackers and was excited that the cost per box was cheaper than our local stores. The box arrived with bubble wrap and when we open the 1st foil pa lager inside the box mostly all crackers were in pieces. We decided to see if that was the case for all and 4 out of 6 boxes were in usable for entertaining as none of the crackers were whole. Great if we're using it to make bread crumbs but not to seatbelt during the holidays. Would not order again.
A17JTRCUYGUH46	1	Strong licorice flavor	0	0	These crackers have a strong licorice flavor which is quite offputting.  Not at all what I expected.  Would not purchase this product again.
A1BSVNEMW1IE1A	2	taste like fennel	0	0	I know one of the ingredients is fennel but that is all i taste when i eat these. I am sticking to the plain they are the best gluten free cracker ever!
A1IGRXIFN9UTOI	5	Best GF Crackers I've Tried	0	0	I've been on a GF diet for almost a year now. Before being diagnosed with celiac disease, I loved eating crackers with soup, peanut butter, or other toppings. I was incredibly disappointed knowing I could never enjoy tasty crackers again. Well, after searching the market and trying (and wasting $ on) various GF crackers, I was alarmed. All the GF crackers I tried were terrible. They tasted more like a tortilla chip than a cracker. On a whim, I bought the Glutino crackers in Multigrain. Amazing! Not a ton of flavor, but will satiate most any palate. Great with other items. These are one of my new favorite GF items. I'm excited to try them with soup, or in casseroles. Enjoy!
A2V71AX1O3FISP	5	Very tasty	0	0	I have served these crackers to family and friends with cheese, dip, etc. Not one of them could tell it was a special cracker! I would definitely recommend these -- very tasty!
A7ZRAEBRCC3VH	4	Pretty good! Better than most GF crackers.	0	0	Try these if you can't have gluten. Crackers are one of the things I miss most and these are a nice platform for a good cheddar,  creamed herring, or smoked salmon. I like the fennel overtones. As anyone who has ever searched for a great (or even good) gluten free cracker it's difficult.<br /><br />With that said, they often are broken and I hate the little foil pouches they come in - you can't reseal them or fold them over. I am looking forward to trying the vegetable Glutinos. I also wish they could be browned a little more - might give them a little more resistance to the teeth. At any rate, give 'em a try.
A2NCQBZ51UCV1S	4	Good Cracker - Strong, but not overwhelming fennel flavor	0	0	Good solid cracker - I'd say it's like a water cracker with a strong fennel flavor. The fennel flavor was unexpected at first, but I've grown to like these.  They taste great with some plain brie.  I'll definitely buy these again.
A3TKK66EY5Z4SZ	5	Great Texture and Zingy Flavor.... Yum!	0	0	Okay, some people don't like much flavor -- and if you're one of the vanilla middle-of-the-road types who'd never touch a piece of rye bread or add a dash of fennel to a dish, these crackers *may* not be for you.. BUT, that being said, they have a GREAT texture (think Ritz like flaky crunch) with an almost rye bread type of taste (yes -- it's from the fennel -- but the flavor is very close to what you might remember having in a piece of rye bread). The flavor is not overwhelming, but it's there as a lovely addition to a great cracker. I LOVE these crackers.  Try them with some salmon salad on top for a treat(use canned pink salmon in place of tuna to make your salad)... whatever you do, realize you're going to want to gobble them down so make sure you have enough of them!  If these aren't for you -- try the original or cheese version.  Just keep them away from your non-GF friends/family -- they're so good they'll eat them up before you have a chance to do so.
A175N19FS2B4J	2	Like Crunchy Licorice.	0	0	"One of the things that you do when you have to go gluten-free is utter a prayer before each new foodstuff:  ""Please God, let it not taste weird.""<br /><br />And these?  Seriously?<br /><br />They taste like crunchy licorice.  They even leave a licorice aftertaste.  Unless you are a non-taster, or you like unsweetened licorice, these are bad crackers. Children might use them to build forts, perhaps.<br /><br />However, the other Glutino crackers in this line are good."
A2EPN3K5CY1JUG	5	good product	0	0	This is a really tasty cracker, not dry like some GF crackers can be. This is a great price at Amazon. I am using some for bread crumbs.
A2D95KT35FSHE9	4	Adequate cracker	0	0	This cracker is good for gluten free, but not so good that I would buy them if I wasn't gluten intolerant.
ATMNWAOAL3EVQ	5	Greatest gluten free crackers yet!	0	0	these are crisp and have a nice peppery flavor. Shape and texture similar to Ritz (as far as I can remember from my old wheat eating days).<br />I love that they are packaged into two separate foil packages within the one box.  Makes for the right size snack for two, without the rest going stale.
