A3EW7Z3L2N3L2G	5	Best treat ever!	2	2	These are my favorite treat and I can eat 4 and be under 100 calories.  They taste fabulous - fruity and refreshing.  The frozen texture is just right too - soft enough to bite off in chunks and then let it melt in your mouth.
A1S8V1EZNOU9GD	5	perfect for kids (and adults) on a sugar-free diet	1	1	We really enjoy these.  Those expecting the taste of the artificial pops may be disappointed, but if you just wish you can have a freeze pop like your sugar-eating friends -- then, you will be quite satisfied!<br />We just wish that A. the manufacturer would make them larger and B. Amazon would carry them, at a decent price!!!!!!!
A2YE8X717BJKHJ	5	coop763	1	1	I love this product, but if you do not have your kid on a low sugar diet they will not like fruit freezers. Since my son has never had a corn syrup and food colored freezy he does not know the diference. They are an aquired taste, but they are a guilt free treat to give to kids, once you get them un-hooked from sugar! I like them just fine myself!
A4U7M3GXKOZPK	5	Cool Fruits Grape/Cherry Freezer pops	0	0	"Great product but be sure and take them out of the box like it says to freeze them.  The box appears to be too small and the pops are folded down on one end to fit.  The pops are not red and purple like the box portrays either.  More of a natural looking beige to dark tan""ish""(think dark apple/pear juice)  Other than that, we love them for our kids (and us!)"
A22QATUZUP01TT	1	Yikes. There is something very wrong with these	1	2	We just bought 40 boxes of these from a local store to pass out to kids at a school after field day. After sampling them, though, we had to return them! One flavor was a brown/yellow color with flecks of deep brown, the other was a red/purple color--so we weren't at all sure which flavor was which. The red/purple color was very sweet and had a very odd flavor, kind of like apple cider but not exactly. Then we tried the brown ones. Ugh! They had a distinctly rotten fruit flavor with a hint of vinegar. Too late, we smelled them and realized they also smelled off. Obviously no one finished that flavor, but even after rinsing with water we could still taste that rottenness on our tongues. Thank goodness we tasted them before we gave them to the kids!<br /><br />Although the expiration date was 9 months from now, it's possible we just got a batch that had spoiled and the product is usually better. Still, if you order these I highly recommend that you smell them after opening but before tasting.
A2JV4VFORB8KKG	2	cool fruits not	0	2	this tastes like some apple cider mix and has no apple juice listed,<br />flavors not marked and didnt taste like cherry or grape, 5and 6 year old nephew's spit it outand said thats nasty
