ADZ1E2SYWSG99	5	These are good.  Very, very good.	11	13	"I don't mean ""good for a gluten free cookie"", or ""almost like a normal cookie"".  No, I mean, that as a cookie they are good.  No strange textures, odd flavors, or smells.  No sticking them in the refrigerator to help out the texture.  They basically taste like a normal crunchy sugar cookie with cinnamon that just happens to be gluten free.  No milk or butter either so I believe they should be casein free also.  According to the labeling they are vegan and kosher as well.<br /><br />That's a mighty impressive list of good stuff.  You're probably wondering what the catch is, right?  It definitely isn't the taste.  As I said at the beginning, these are very, very good.  I only see two drawbacks.<br />1) Cost.  Most gluten free foods are expensive so this one isn't unexpected.<br />2) Quantity.  The 5.25 ounce package contains 16 cookies.<br /><br />16 cookies really doesn't seem like that many, particularly when enjoying them.  However that could be considered a positive attribute for some of us.  I know I have a tendency at times to munch on something yummy without paying attention to how much I am eating only to find I've eaten the entire bag.  Since the package is a built-in pause / stop point, the smaller size less overeating.  Even so, I still wish there were more in a package.<br /><br />One last note, just because I found it to be unusual.  Normally all the cookies would be packed the same way, i.e. two rows of eight.  These aren't.  Instead, there are two rows of seven cookies each, side by side, and then two more cookies at the end of the package rotated 90 degrees from the others.  There isn't anything wrong with this packaging method since it maximizes usage of the packaging space.  It's just not how most packaged cookies are packaged, nor is it symmetrical, so it sticks out as unusual to me."
A3B1ZPY5AF61T1	5	Great Cookies	4	4	I am on a gluten free diet and find most gluten free snack high in calories and fat.  These cookies are awesome. The serving size is 4 cookies, calorie count per serving is between 100 and 120 and fat is between 1 and 2. Great flavor and crunch and almost healthy.
A1A3NLJO4O3YIG	5	yeah!	3	3	Finally a cookie that taste great!  If you have eaten any gluten free cookies before you know they are bland.  These cookies are AWESOME.  The best part is I dont have to worry about my multiple food allergies.  I would recommend them to anyone who loves cookies like me!
A3FW6TWGY1DC15	5	Just delicious!	5	6	I love Dr. Lucy's cookies.  All the flavors are terrific.  I don't eat them because they're gluten free-I have no allergies-but I am a vegetarian who usually eats vegan.  I often crumble these (or the sugar cookie flavor) on top of a bowl of coconut milk ice cream-it's spectacular.
A3B1ZPY5AF61T1	5	Gluten free and Great tasting	5	6	I am on a gluten free diet and find most gluten free snack high in calories and fat.  These cookies are awesome. The serving size is 4 cookies, calorie count per serving is between 100 and 120 and fat is between 1 and 2. Great flavor and crunch and almost healthy.
A1GL9ZVG84T9T2	5	Cookie Cravings	5	6	An acquaintance shared Dr. Lucy's cookies with me and I was just amazed at the taste. I have never had a healthy cookie that was crunchy - like eating a homemade cookie, made with love because it took a mother's love and dedication to create these amazing cookies. Looking forward to more flavors. Thanks Dr. Lucy!!!
ADT36XUUNW05S	5	Finally!	2	2	I have been searching for a tasty gluten-free cookie cookie for several years, a taste that was equal to the cookies of regular eating days.  Lucy's Oatmeal Cookies ended the quest.  They are DELICIOUS!!! They are also a perfect size for a quick snack and ever so satisfying.  The calorie content is also good.  I am anxious to try other varieties.
ATMNWAOAL3EVQ	5	Excellent Gluten free and Dairy Free OATMEAL!	2	2	These cookies are great, even greater since they have no gluten, no dairy, no eggs, and are light crispy and oh so good.  This is a phenomenal price too, and I love the small snack pack size!!!! Thanks Amazon.  And thanks Dr. Lucy (who lives one town over from me!)
A2F28R9U74PSG	5	Good grief, these cookies are delicious!!!!	2	2	"Are these really gluten free, because they sure don't taste like it!  There are a few other cookies being marketed as ""gluten free"" or ""diet"" but there simply is no comparison to these nuggets of goodness.  Frankly, even given the choice between these and something like a Pillsbury or Toll House oven-baked cookie, I'd take Lucy's cookies in a heartbeat.  No guilt, no high glycemic index to make you feel like you just gained five pounds, no impulse to hibernate.  Just moist, sweet morsels that make you wonder why the bag isn't three inches deeper.  (Seriously, Lucy, you need to make them deeper.)  And the inspiring story behind the creation of Lucy's cookies will make you feel that much better, knowing that you're supporting a homegrown business, rather than a huge multi-national.  I can't recommend these enough."
A129QMC08SW3T3	5	! Mmmmmmmmmm !	4	5	"What a wonderful surprise to find LUCY's on Amazon.com!  I haven't enjoyed a cookie as much as I enjoy LUCY'S since going gluten free several years ago.<br /><br />They have that just-right crunch.<br />They are just sweet enough - not too, not not.<br />They are just the right size.<br />They have just the right ""mmmmm"" factor.<br /><br />THANK YOU DR. LUCY for sharing the ""lemonade"" you made from the dietary lemons life gave you too!  You've given me many appreciated ""mmmmmmm"", ""mmmmmm"", ""mmmmmmm"" moments!<br />Catsy"
A1T58BZWTTMNHZ	3	Used to own stock in the company, but changed their formulation, and get a much lower rating	6	8	"I used to love EVERY flavor of these cokies. I was the one buying out the entire shelf at WFoods. I started ordering on amazon multiple 8 packs at a time.  I could easily eat 2 boxes a day by myself!  I eat really healthy and my sweets is the only thing I give myself what I want.  I am vegan and ""prefer"" to eat gluten free, as I am supposed to due to healh issues, but don't always because there are no other GF desserts that are vegan that I LOVE.  So BOY was I disappointed when I had to stop buying them very mcuh because they changed the fat and calories significantly.  I wonder i anyone else noticed.  I wrote to Dr. Lucy and she replied.  I asked if I could still order some from her int he original formulation, or where I could buy them like that, but she said no.  The only reasons she gave were some type of problem with the formulation and baking f the cookie, but I don't understand beacause they were perfect??!  A better explanation would have been nice.  So thus, I am very disappointed in this line, which was the ONLY GF, VEGAN, LOW FAT/LOW CAL, DELICIOUS!!! line of desserts I enjoyed, and now cannot eat them very often at all.  When I am consuming large amounts, I'm sorry but 25g of fat for a whole box vs. 7.5 g fat/box for the old cookies?  Can't do it. Dang Lucy....I miss my sweet yumminess."
A2X1XBJOQXQ3W8	2	Dry with after taste	1	1	I am in the health food industry and I am gluten intolerant.  I have tried many different GF cookies in the last ten years.  I bought a box of Lucy's chocolate chip cookies last night at Safeway.  I was not impressed.  The cookie was dry, almost to the point of being stale. This is a common problem when people try to make a gluten free cookie that have no experience in baking with gluten free flours.  Lucy's cookies remind me of Pamela's cookies which are also dry.  Being dry is not a sin that a little milk or coffee can not take care of.  However what I cannot stand is an after taste.  The base flour combination has an odd after taste that spoiled the little enjoyment I had from this cookie.  I looked at the ingredients and found garbonzo and fava bean flours.  I cannot recommend this cookie based upon the after taste.  I have not tried the other varieties that may have stronger flavors to cover up the after taste.  I would suggest either Udi's frozen cookies or Glutino cookies.  I find these two brands superior to Lucy's.  Thanks for reading.
A3EE88UYGWUSST	3	Ecellent Vegan Gluten Free Cookies, No Tummy Aches	1	1	These cookies are very similar to garden variety wheat based chocolate chip cookies, they have similar texture and snap, but these are both vegan and gluten free, which matches my requirements.  My celiac disease makes me very sensitive to wheat and these cookies do not trigger any reaction.<br /><br />The cookies are if anything a little more crisp than most, but not at all hard or difficult to chew.  They certainly contain sugar.  I do not eat these everyday because they are so sweet, but I do like them and may very well subscribe to them.<br /><br />If I were rating these only on flavor and texture I'd give them 4 stars, but Lucy annoyed me by creating a bizzarre nutrition panel.  Each package contains 4 cookies.  They state it is 1.3 servings, then go on to say one serving has 130 calories.  So each package seems to contain 169 calories, possibly over some people's limit for a snack.  But let's be honest, these cookies with lots of organic cane sugar have a lot of calories.  Each cookie must weigh in at a bit over 40 calories.<br /><br />For years we have known that 42 is the answer to life, the universe, and everything.  Now we know it is a cookie worth of calories too, tasty calories.  Will buy again.
APWK2EKIA0PVN	2	Nothing special.	1	1	I bought these cookies after reading all the rave reviews but they were very dry, didn't have much chocolate, and left an unpleasant aftertaste. I don't understand what all the fuss is about. If these were the only GF cookies available, I still wouldn't buy them again.
A33AQPJYH7UUXR	4	nom, nom, nom!!! 4 stars from a  *non*-gluten free mom	1	1	"While I am not gluten intolerant, I'm trying to reduce my gluten intake for health reasons and snacks seem to be the best way to to try and curb my intake. Since snacks of this type are not a dietary requirement (much as I'd wish they were) I have the ability to chose *any* cookie, gluten free or not, I am lucky in that I can afford to be a little picky. I had tried a few other weird/bland gluten free options and wow- these cookies really surprised me - the are actually very good! Crispy, no weird/off tastes, just like a ""real"" cookie. Nice size for dunking in a cold cup of lactose free milk without getting lost or soggy. I deducted one star because they could use a few more chips sprinkled in there.<br /><br />They are a little expensive but I don't mind the price point considering that the factory goes to great lengths to protect against cross contamination from allergens and gluten. Plus being a little pricey I am less likely to eat more than one pack at a time :) I'm looking forward to trying the four flavor combo pack next time."
A3BTG32BMPE3AB	5	tasty cookies	1	1	The cookies are great tasting.  Especially for gluten free.  I will definitely buy them again and again.!  The consistency is like a regular chip ahoy!
A3C113ZNZ02OY	5	Better than Chips-Ahoy and better for you too!	1	1	I absolutely love Dr. Lucy's gluten-free chocolate chip cookies.  They are a delight to everyone, whether you are on a gluten-free diet or not.  The best part is they are only 120 calories for 4 cookies; and for a college student trying to look good in a bikini, that is very important for me!  I highly recommend everyone try these delicious cookies, they will not disappoint!
A3RWETX0DBQI8O	5	Lucy's Cookies A++	3	4	I have three children and seven nieces/nephews (ages 20 to 10 months). Lucy's cookies are the staple snack/dessert/treat in our household b/c of the allergies a few of us have. The cookies, the taste/flavor, the packaging and the crunch are loved by all of us. We always have them on hand and glad to have them ready for us to order 24/7 on Amazon. Lucy's Cookies A+++ (P.S. During the school year, they're great to pack in my daughter's lunch box b/c they follow the school rules!)
AGZKJ1RCAT9Z9	4	Delicious, but something is awry	2	3	These are very very good tasting. Crispy cookies, especially delicious when dipped in milk. They say gluten free, and I totally believe they are, because I did not have a wheat-type reaction. But, I have to say, I always feel MISERABLE after eating these cookies.<br />Someone else mentions how they are too sweet, etc etc. I don't think they taste too sweet, and they have 13g of sugar per serving which doesn't seem like it's that much, considering most other 'sweets' have more sugars per serving (take a look at Gatorade, for example).<br />That said, it does seem to be some kind of a reaction to the sugar, because immediately after eating them I feel like my body is dumping into some kind of sugar coma. I start to feel like lead, and lightheaded. They also mess up my tummy. Maybe it's the type of sugar they use? Evaporated cane juice is the 1st ingredient, and they also contain 2 kinds of cellulose, which I think are sugars also (but I could be wrong).<br />Anyhow, I gave 4 stars for taste, because they are THAT good, but keep in mind you may feel like you need a lengthy nap to recover from eating them.<br /><br />I agree with the previous poster they should do *something* about this ... I don't want stevia or artificial sweeteners in them, but maybe try using less sugar, or a different kind of sugar, like organic brown? I have no idea, but I would never let a kid eat more than 1 of these at a time, for fear it'd make them just pass out!<br />I eat other sweet stuff, and nothing makes me feel this bizarrely over-sugared.<br /><br />I'm not even totally sure it's the sugar that makes you feel this way ... any ideas? It's a shame, because they are so delicious. I've tried them several times, and may keep them on hand for a once-in-a-blue-moon craving, but I definitely won't be eating them often.
A229MZBEYX32D8	2	Not that great	2	3	These cookies are small, grainy and very crunchy with an awful aftertaste. And very expensive for such a small package of 16 cookies. Might be great for multiple allergies, But I was very disappointed.
A357809WXCPIX	4	Pretty Good for what is is	0	0	"For what is is, this cookie is pretty good. Does it taste like the soft, under-baked, buttery kind you get from a bakery or your favorite shoppe? No, however it does satisfy a sweet tooth. In my opinion these taste just like a ""less sweet"" version of the chips ahoy brand I ate as a kid."
A11W39SI6UW23	5	Cookies that taste GOOD!	0	0	I love a crisp cookie that you can dip in milk. These are crisp,delicious and light and they travel well for my peanut allergic grandaughter. She's four and its a great thing when we can find things she loves and can eat without worry.
A2VWJOB6GITNI9	5	lucys chocolate chip cookies	0	0	These are some of the best cookies I've found without allergens in them.  I love that they come individually packed so I can grab them to go or put them in my lunch.
AARU93A331T4I	5	My sons is on a gfcf diet	0	0	My son is on a restricted diet due to allergies and he is very picky. It was hard to find things that he would even try. After tasting one of these cookies he was hooked. Now this is a favorite snack of his.
A3AZ420Z3CUP1K	5	Gluten-Free Tastes Great!	0	0	Terrific flavor, good crisp texture and just the right amount of sugar sprinkles make this a winner! Lucy's cookies are my go - to<br />dessert.
A2IAXPW8J345WB	5	CHOCOLATE CHIP	0	0	I bought the chocolate chip and they are delicious!! Regardless of the fact that they are gluten free, these cookies are good enough to stand on their own.<br /><br />I gave my father one to try, and he loved it. He had no idea they are gluten free.
A2PI8R0C9S3HN	4	Yummy! Crunchy sweet and 8 boxes almost gone already!	0	0	I bought Lucy's cookies because I saw them on Dr. Oz as a guilt free cookie.  I bought the oatmeal and I love them.  I am on Weight Watchers and I calculated them at 1 point plus each!  Wow! A 1 point COOKIE!  Needless to say I am eating them--- but I am eating cookies and losing weight!!!  My husband is not on Weight Watchers and loves them too!  I want to try the other flavors so I will order them, but I will definitely re-order the oatmeal this week!
A23KU98R5CRWGO	5	Lucy's Sugar Cookies	0	0	Great seller, fast shipping! I love these cookies! I have many allergies and I have no problems when eating these. I will be ordering more.
A2Y0R9C4VVWK2O	5	Best GFCF cookies!	0	0	These are the best GFCF cookies ever! Even better than I can make at home and they are awesome for quick lunch packing!
AOD4F6V9RFQBX	5	They're great!	0	0	Lucy's Cinnamon Thin cookies, while a little pricy, are quite tasty.  I like to let them get slightly stale so that they are chewy, although that doesn't happen often because they are usually gone too quickly.
AHNQ1JNX52P01	5	O-M-G these cookies are Delicious!	0	0	I bought these on a whim at my local gluten free store. These cookies taste amazing!<br />To me, they taste like cinnamon toast crunch cereal.<br /><br />Unfortunately, I have a sweet tooth and need to refrain from buying every week.<br />They are just TOO tasty, I want to eat the whole box!
A2IAYGGXNMS4J0	5	Just like Snickerdoodles!	0	0	This cookies are really tasty and I will definitely be reordering.  I ordered the package of 16 small bags to be able to have a snack to carry with me to places unlikely to have anything gluten free, and I'm glad I ordered this product. If one is signed up for the autodelivery program the price is pretty reasonable. The little bag of 4 cookies helps me with portion control because if I had the whole box I would probably plow right through them.  They are very flavorful and taste just like cinnamony Snickerdoodles; there is no weird aftertaste as with many GF foods. (I have also had the oatmeal cookies and found them crispy too but much more bland; they would be good with coffee.) I've even considered crushing the cinnamon thins to make a crust for cheesecake but haven't tried that yet (would buy a box to do so to avoid the need to open multiple bags).  The cookies are very crispy, so if that is an issue for you, take note. (I know my false-toothed father would have to soak these in milk to be able to eat them, but I believe he would think they were worth it!)
A139CEGXQ3UZ74	5	really good	0	0	i bought these after having them at starbucks and i loved them. im always looking for a weight watcher friendly snack and these fit the bill. they are four weight watcher plus points and are delicious.
A3EGLJT5DEO7R4	5	Lucy's Cinnamon Thins	0	0	"This is a very flavorful cookie with a nice texture. It is also low in Carb. I have used the crumbs from these cookes to replace a grahmcracker crust and was extreemly pleased with the results. It is my only ""must have in stock"" cookee!"
AXX69ZTG6W47S	5	Best ever	0	0	Glad I gave them a try. They are expensive, but all gluten free foods I purchase are! They taste the closest to the best cookies I used to purchase before having to go gluten-free. Will purchase  again.
A9UUOHLCLNJT8	5	Chocolate Chip Cookies	0	0	I went on a search for dairy free chocolate and found these great cookies!  We believed my breastfed son was sensitive to milk, and having to avoid dairy when you're a chocoholic is very difficult!  These cookies helped to feed my chocolate cravings, and helped keep my sanity in those difficult first weeks with a newborn.  At first, I thought they tasted just a bit different.  They're a lot crunchier than regular chocolate chip cookies and they don't taste exactly the same.  However, after being off of dairy and munching on these cookies, I began to not notice a difference.  My picky husband also said they were good!
A70HIF031ETF9	5	Only cookie that considers ALL intollerances & tastes good	0	0	Lucy's is one of the very few baked goods available that omits all the major sources of food intollerances -- gluten, dairy and eggs. More importantly, they are delicious. When we can't find a local source for Lucy's cookies, we always ordered them on-line.
A17XUU1IV0NCSD	5	LOVE THESE COOKIES	0	0	I love crisp sugar cookies, these were perfect, tasted like regular gluten cookies.  Will buy over and over.
A3EAHP98G856TQ	5	They're amazing!!!!!!!	0	0	These cookies have no milk, no egss, no nuts, no gluten and no cholesterol or trans fat, which common sense says should make them taste like cardboard, if not even worse. I don't know how they did it, but these chocolate chip cookies are delicious. They actual taste like chocolate chip cookies should taste. If you've got allergies, try these cookies. You'll love them.
A2LW2LVW887X9B	4	Great Glutten Free Cookies	0	0	These are the only glutten-free cookies I eat. They are crunchy and go great with coffee and tea.
A2HQXP26466PXV	4	lucy's gluten-free chocolate chip cookies	0	0	My daughter loves these!  We both have gluten sensitivities so we were so happy to find these!
A1D7SKBDFLSKFX	5	thank you dr lucy!	0	0	these are so great for a GF kid (or adult...) and for the whole family! we're hooked on the chocolate chip, but we like the oatmeal and cinnamon a lot too. and its great that they come in individual packs or full-sized cookies.  pretty healthy and all-natural ingredients, what could be wrong? they're great, we recommend them!
AFD7UDF7HOOLW	5	Very tasty cinnamon thins	0	0	"These cinnamon thin cookies looked appealing in the package so I bought some.  I didn't buy them because they were gluten-free, I just like anything that TASTES GOOD, whether it's low-fat, fattening, gluten-free, low carb, etc. and they ARE really good and surprisingly satisfying for being gluten-free.  Make sure that if you eat them while having coffee that you ""dunk"" quick (if you like to dunk your cookies).  I order 5 or 6 boxes at a time and will continue to in the future because now they are a favorite that I eat practically every day."
AFDT9VMWE601S	5	Delicious and healthy	0	0	My review is for the Cinnamon cookie in the small bag.  I love them!!!  I do not have gluten issues, but I like the fact that the cookies are gluten free.  They are crunchy and satisfy my desire for something sweet.  Only 130 caloriesand 4.5 g of fat in three cookies.  Each pack has 4 cookies.  1.5 g of saturated fat, 0 trans fat, 0 cholesterol, 180 mg sodium, 1 g fiber, 21 g of carbs, and 2 g of protein.  Yummy, every bite.  Starbucks carries them sporadically, and I am so glad to be able to buy them from  Amazon!
A20GEEXSF3DULO	5	Gluten Free yumminess!	0	0	to all of you gluten free people out there who thought that you couldn't eat Chocolate Chip cookies anymore- think again!  These are so delicisious taht you won't miss the wheat!  They are the best wheat free cookies I've found.  I could eat half a box at a time but I try not to!  :)
A1V2Y6O98KPNP3	5	Great Cookies!	0	0	A fabulous compilation of cinnamon and crunch - sweet and glulten free! Pricey, but worth it.
A9CK5CI2KFIQ0	5	Yummy, little crunchy cookies	0	0	If you have serious food allergies or gluten intolerance, you probably bake your own (and aren't reading this review) -- but what a joy to find Dr. Lucy's cookies in Starbucks recently!  Yes, these are boxed cookies, not to be confused with homemade, which is the sterling standard for me.  But given that, they're lovely!  The body of the cookie is slightly bean-flavored, since that's what the flour blend relies on; but it's not an obtrusive flavor.  Just a bit tangy.  The milk-free chips are great:  nicely rounded flavor, not burnt or sharp.  The texture is pleasantly crisp & sandy; not tough, not hard, not chewy.  Great with coffee or tea. Our favorite is the chocolate chip variety, but the cinnamon and sugar cookies versions are delicious also.  If you're not allergic yourself, but considering buying some for guests or grandchildren who are, then I'd encourage you to go for it.  You'll find you munch on them, too, because they're just yummy, little crunchy cookies.
AD369TZIKXXF0	5	Very Good	0	0	"I discovered these at my local Starbucks and loved them. The sugar cookies are wonderful, have a nice crunch and leave no aftertaste. The easiest way for me to explain the taste of the sugar cookie is to tell you they taste & remind me of Christmas sugar cookies. The chocolate chip are good and the cinnamon are too but the sugar is my favorite. It's so hard to find gluten-free snacks that taste great and don't leave you yearning for a "" real "" snack. Buy them !"
ABFMLM8RX10NO	5	WOW!	0	0	After being diagnosed as a celiac recently, finding products that are tasty and gluten-free really challenged me.  I traded off tasty for decent tasting after a while, but FINALLY I have found something that actually tastes good.  The crunchy texture makes me feel satisfied after finishing the bag.  These cookies are truly delicious and well worth the journey to find them.  Since God hasn't healed me yet, I am so thankful that He let me find these!
AUH6N8JZS7GJ0	5	Best Allergy Friendly Cookies I ever had.	0	0	I have 15 documented food allergies and it is very difficult to find decent goodies.  These are the best allergy friendly cookies I have tasted yet!  I tried them for the first time today.  I needed to use up a Starbucks gift certificate and found these cookies in a basket in the front of the store.  Boy was I pleased when I discovered they were as good as any cookie made with wheat and eggs. Not the bland, dry, grainy taste of most GF cookies. Also the price is much better than many of the other allergy friendly products I have tried.  You will not be disapointed in these.
AIUAA70OT59HZ	5	YUM!!!	0	0	I am not GF but my 7 year old daughter is and I like to try everything with her.  She almost did not get to eat any of them because they were soooo good!  I'm normally not a crispy cookie kind of girl, but the flavor of these cookies was better than even most nonGF cookies I've had.  We bought a small package from STARBUCKS and will definitely be purchasing many more from Whole Foods.
A27JEBKMD7LUG0	5	Yummy!	0	0	These are delicious! Discovered them while I was at Starbucks last week...I've tried the Cinnamon Thins and the Sugar Cookies and they're both great! A nice, healthier option even for people without food allergies. Now I'm just waiting for my local grocery stores to get in the game! Would love to be able to purchase these in stores.
A3VSMSEGHLS0PU	5	Wonderful!	0	0	These cookies have a great flavor and no aftertaste that I can detect. I do not find them gritty at all. They are quite crispy, but I like that. I think they are as good as any regular sugar cookie I have ever had, and my non-GF friends agree!
ATUOIMDQ5FY2X	5	Light and crispy cookie	0	0	I am very pleased with the light crispy texture and sweet taste - so far the best GF oatmeal cookie I have found. It does not have a traditional chewy oatmeal texture, but still great and even better available through Amazon!
A1UWJYNKKWPLX8	5	Crispy Airy	0	0	These are fabulous! I saw in an online review of Dr. Lucy's cookies someone complaining about broken cookies when they arrived. Yes, some of the cookies will be broken, though not a lot. I think they break because of their unusual texture. I wish I knew the trick of making a cookie like this. They taste great, but a big part of what I just love about these cookies is their texture -- it's that airyness and crispness. Personally, they are addictive. I finished my first two boxes (I had bought, as a test, one of the 16 pack boxes in Cinnamon and one in Sugar) and sadly after a month or so I had eaten them all. I tried baking something simliar and couldn't do it -- though when I have mroe time, I'll give it many more tries. So just a couple days ago, I ordered a 16 pack box or cinnamon, sugar, and now I'm trying for the first time the oatmeal. I do recommend these cookies; they are my afternoon treat -- one pack of cookies (only 120 calories) and a good cup of decaf coffee and I'm fine till dinner!
A1UWJYNKKWPLX8	5	Yummy!	0	0	These were wonderful. I don't know how they make these so crunchy and airy at the same time. I bought a 16 pack box of these and got in the habit of having a bag (only 120 calories for 4 good-sized cookies) of these every afternoon when I got sluggish. I began to look forward to their cinnamony taste and was bummed when I finally finished all of them. I tried to make some like them and it was a sad failure so just a couple of days ago, I ordered another box of these and the Sugar cookies (they are wonderful, too!) and I even ordered the Oatmeal ones so I can try those and see if they are as good as the others. I highly recommend these!
A3DBYTQKWONM25	4	Great cookies!	0	0	I absolutely love these cookies. I bought them when they orginally had a discount on them and at first bite I fell in love. Having Celiacs, it's really hard to find a good cookie but the oatmeal in these make them taste homemade. If the price was better, I would have give it 5 stars. Great for lunches or to send with kids when they can't have regular treats.
A2SSXXUOZXMZWX	5	Dr. Lucy's brought nothing but SMILIES to my picky eater!!!	0	0	I can't thank you enough!!! My son has autism and is an extremely picky eater. Having food allergies made his food choices even harder! Your product is healthy and so convenient, when your taking a lot of your own food everywhere.  Not to mention delicious!! Thanks again for putting the fun & joy back into eating cookies for my little guy & for so many others! Wishing you much sweet success.
AG0PUADP81ADK	5	Oh my gosh delicious!	0	0	Lucy's Cinnamon Thins are crispy, yummy and entirely too tempting! They taste like snickerdoodles,and I can't quit eating them!
A2VNGPDCAPFUXU	5	Awesome Cookies and great package size!	0	0	My daughter tried these cookies at a celiac camp she was at and fell in love wih them.  In addition to her loving the cookies, what is great about them is their grab bag type.  Being gluten/dairy/perservative/dye free often she feels different (and a little embarrassed) with the types of foods she eats.  This size is like having something most of her peers eat but it's healthy.  Another benefit is her non-gluten sensitive brother also loves them.  That is the real test, if the gluten eating kids like it!
A2C9CW8XFVWW4R	4	Tasty, and sweet	0	0	When I first tried the cookie, I wasn't expecting it to be so crispy.  I didn't like it until after a few bites.  They definetly took care of my sweet tooth!  I would recommend these to any one with food allergies
A1BJ67411QA0WZ	4	crunchy goodness	0	0	For a store bought cookie, these are good.  Very crunchy and a good flavor.<br /><br />Even if you don't have dietary restrictions, these are worth trying.
A1XXXYOJ1YYDB0	5	Great crunchy sweet treat	0	0	These cookies are great!  They have a slight Tapioca flour taste, but I'm very sensitive to that.  The chocolate chip ones are even better.  Thank you Dr. Lucy for a low-calorie gluten free treat.
A1YN7KUADY6QJ1	5	I was pleasantly surprised at how good these cookies are	0	0	"I have Celiac Disease and have tried several brands of gluten free ""bought"" cookies as I call them.  I have always been disappointed and resorted to baking my own.  Although baking my own is fine, sometimes I would like the convenience of being able to have cookies on hand when the urge strikes, or to grab when I'm on the go.  I ordered a ""case"" each of the oatmeal and the sugar cookies and was very pleased with both of them, although I slightly favored the oatmeal.  I purposely tried to detect the usual ""off taste"" that I've found in other cookies - there is no ""off taste"" to either of these flavors.  Both cookies are crisp, just the way I like them....I have just one word for them ""yummy""!"
ADZ1E2SYWSG99	4	Yummy!	0	0	"These are pretty darn good cookies!  I prefer <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00213IAUQ"">Lucy's Cinnamon Thins, 5.5-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 8)</a> but these are a close second.<br /><br />The cookies are crunchy, not chewy.  They do have a lot of sugar on the top but it is only noticeable if you have several at a time.  Seemed sweeter  to me than the cinnamon thins.<br /><br />Not crumbly or cakey.  No funky taste.<br /><br />Only 8 in the package, not very many at all.  Putting that in a positive light, you can consider it built-in portion control.  Handy if you're like me and sometimes happen to snack without actually paying attention to how much you are eating."
A3DAGJ9KKDOTLT	5	delicious gluten free	0	0	for those of us who can't digest gluten, finally there is a cookie that tastes delicious and is easy on the stomach!!!
A3FW6TWGY1DC15	5	Yum	0	0	These cookies are the best.  They are very crispy and taste great with a bowl of coconut milk ice cream.  The reviewer who thought they had an aftertaste or grainy texture is reacting to something I can't taste at all; these are yummier than all the wheat-based commercial sugar cookies I've tasted.
A3S16PKWO1ZCDC	5	Delicious!	0	0	"We love Dr. Lucy's cookies!  The cookies have a delightful, crisp ""crunch"", while maintaining the consistency of a regular cookie. I wouldn't have guessed they were gluten, milk & egg free! My son is hooked, as am I!"
A3C113ZNZ02OY	5	Love the sugar cookies!	0	0	It is so great to have a low-fat, low-calorie, yet delicious brand of cookies available! I don't feel guilty after eating a few, and trust me, you will eat a few!!! I have a friend with a gluten allergy and its great to have something to offer her when she comes over that I can enjoy as well.  Definitely worth trying!
AU02YS5B0PDCP	5	Truly the best!	1	2	As someone who has been at this for a very long time...wheat free that is... I have tried dozens and dozens of gluten free cookies.<br />A cookie-a-holic I have to have my morning coffee with a cookie.<br />Up until this point most of the gluten free cookies have been huge disappointments..<br />I have thrown more practically full boxes of cookies in the trash than I care to remember...they were just not worth the calories, they were that bad.<br />I do like Pamela's brand Biscotti cookies...but they are the only other cookie I've found good enough to spend the money on.<br />And lets face it prejudice abounds in the gluten free aisle...everything is outrageously expensive.<br />But these..they are lovely, crunchy, no grainy texture, no strange after taste, vegan, low calorie and low fat...actually a miracle of a cookie.<br />Most gluten free cookies are loaded with fat...and as I limit fat content that was another big draw back.<br />No problem here though, only 1.5-2 grams of fat per 4 cookie serving.<br />I have tried all 4 flavors and each is excellent, I don't think any would disappoint.
A2R6R1NSGU5RCD	5	YUM!	1	2	These cookies are delicious and great for a sweet treat if you are on Weight Watchers! However, they are expensive so I was thrilled to find them at a much more reasonable price!
A1AHFH04E4DH6P	5	All natural and delicious	1	2	Dr. Lucy has created an absolute masterpiece. These cookies are delicious for everyone. There are so many additives in today's food, that it is nice to know that there is a product that is completely natural.  You also have the feeling that you can trust this product, since you know that she created this for her own child. The calorie count is less than other cookies, and it also does nto affect diabetics as significantly as regular cookies do. I highly recommend this product, as well as her other cookies. While I do love chocolate chip, my absolute favorite would be the cinnamon.  Enjoy!!
A1ETPA9MHDNI0T	5	What a Treat!	1	2	I have a son who is allergic to milk, eggs, peanuts, and tree nuts; however, he can eat wheat.  We have tried lots of allergy-friendly products and are sometimes disappointed with the wheat-free ones as the texture and taste is often very different from products made with traditional ingredients.  That is not the case with these cookies.  They are by far the best allergy-friendly cookies that we have tried yet!  They have a nice, crisp (but not hard) cookie texture.  I was also impressed with the shelf-life on the cookies that we tried.  Many allergy-friendly cookies have a very short shelf-life, but the Lucy's cookies that we tried today didn't expire until October.  Way to go Dr. Lucy on creating an excellent allergy-friendly product!
A24X6593QVUZ4E	5	Run...Don't Walk to Purchase Lucy's Cookies	1	2	As a relative of a child with severe food allergies, i have always struggled with what to serve when the child comes to visit.  Until i heard of (then tasted) these gems! Not only are they super safe for children (or anyone) with food allergies, they are delicious.  I find myself purchasing some just when i get a cookie craving.  they are hands down the best line of cookies I have ever had....Great flavor (you would NEVER know that these were produced with safe products rather than traditional cookie ingredients).  I think one of the hardest thing for parents and relatives and friends of people with allergies is finding GOOD, tasty foods...especially sweets.  If you have a loved one with a food allergy, i think you should stock these in your pantry (but beware, you will find yourself craving them as well!!!)
A8ZY9LI1KBU2P	5	Cinnamon Thins = Yum!	0	1	Absolutely delicious cookies - crisp & crunchy, but not hard; sweet, but not too much so. Since a lot of the gluten-free foods I've tried have left (IMHO) something to be desired, these were a very pleasant surprise. The grandkids love them too - a true test of cookie goodness.<br /><br />I can buy these locally for about $3 per 5.5 ounce box. I offer this info so that buyers can decide if Amazon's current price, whatever it may be, is a bargain.<br /><br />Highly recommended.
A3B1ZPY5AF61T1	5	Awesome Cookies	0	1	I am on a gluten free diet and find most gluten free snack high in calories and fat.  These cookies are awesome. The serving size is 4 cookies, calorie count per serving is between 100 and 120 and fat is between 1 and 2. Great flavor and crunch and almost healthy.
A16LMVPBUPQINJ	1	"item says ""Lucy's Chocoalte Chip"""	1	4	"i was shopping for SUGAR-FREE cookies, so they suggested other SUGAR-FREE cookies and i selected them, unfortunately, i'm a diabetic, and when i received the ""lucy"" chocolate chip cookies: NOT only were they assorted flavors (Which i DIDNT order) BUT they were NOT SUGAR-FREE!! why would they suggest these i have NO idea,but i'm very upset."
A29G2ROFNE63NY	1	Awful	1	5	As a mom with Celiac disease with one son that has a tree nut allergy and another that has a soy allergy, I really wanted to like these cookies.  We are used to cooking everything from scratch to ensure the safety of our food.  Wouldn't it be great to have a cookie that my tree nut allergic son and I could grab on the go?  I paid a visit to my local Starbucks to pick up a 1.25 oz. pack of the sugar cookies and excitedly opened the package.  The smell alone was enough to immediately turn me off.  The bag had a synthetic odd smell inside.  I took a bite of the cookie and noted its crunchiness-a good thing about the cookie- but then was overwhelmed by an extremely unpleasant aftertaste.  It almost tasted like burnt popcorn with an artifical butter flavor. A very odd and unpalatable taste indeed. I was so disappointed.  I really liked the story of Dr. Lucy and the idea of the cookie, but most definitely did NOT like the cookie. Although I would classify myself as a bit of a food snob with high standards, I put that aside when reviewing this cookie.  I do not think even the less discerning customer would enjoy this cookie.
A3M9L03ALYIUL7	1	YUCK	0	4	I bought a package of these at Starbucks, and thought good crispy, hmmmm so I bought a case of a mix cinnamon, sugar, chocolate chip and oatmeal.  First they all tasted the same.  They are probably suppose to be crispy but they taste stale, and then they leave an awful aftertaste.  They also taste way to buttery and a portion side is two cookies and the rest are all cracked in the package.<br /><br />There is nothing special about these and are not worth the price, although I love the packaging.<br /><br />Sorry Lucy I've tasted way better GF cookies.
A1GJPZAGS5600P	1	Lucy's Chocolate Chip Cookies	0	4	These are the worst gluten free cookies I have ever tasted.  They were hard, dry and tasted like tapioca flour.  Avoid these at all cost.
A1BJ67411QA0WZ	1	Where's the chocolate?	2	8	I don't have any dietary restrictions.  I bought these because of an price reduction.  I wouldn't purchase them again.  They have very few chocolate chips.  Like you have to hunt for them in the cookie.  That isn't what chocolate chip cookies should be about.<br /><br />The oatmeal version of these cookies is much better.
