A1XZBZUY80ZIGP	5	My girls loved this	2	2	My girls loved this although it did take getting used to the texture.  The texture is thicker and chunkier than other stage three foods and is perfect for transitioning to solids.  I fed them this until they were 15 months old.  Now they are 19 months old and from time to time somebody still goes in the cabinet and brings me a jar to feed them.  Better than I expected!
A1BTHZO04GVCS6	5	Chunky	2	2	This is basically mashed up pasta with carrots and I guess pureed chicken. Some jars seem to be chunkier than others... My daughter really enjoys it. I got some broken jars once and Amazon was great with their customer service. Highly recommend.
A112L70RTD50OX	4	My kid loves this stuff!	2	2	"Who knew that my 1 year old would love broccoli this much???<br />I'm thrilled that he likes this puree of broccoli, zucchini, peas, and couscous. It's a chunkier style than many other purees, so it's definitely something to try once your baby does well with the stage 2 foods. It doesn't have the big chunks like the chicken & stars meal or the carrot & corn one, but it's got a ""bumpy"" texture because of the broccoli and the couscous, so your baby needs to be OK with that thicker texture.<br />This particular blend is difficult to find, so we buy in bulk whenever it's available."
A1ES6FCU6KPHTS	3	It's watery	1	1	I like Earth's Best baby foods, but this is one of the most watery varieties that I have tried. My son likes the taste, but sometimes I have to mix it into other foods to get a thicker consistency.
A2W3B9DOBX89XN	5	ORGANIC GOODNESS!	1	1	My son loves all of the Earth's Best organic baby foods.  They are great and I feel good knowing they are organic without any harmful pesticides.  You can't go wrong!
A2AUZQEF9N6IYC	3	Decent	0	0	It's not the best or the worst.  It does make my sweet boys poop smell horrible, maybe it's the cheese.
A2NMFU8P7BP5FN	3	OK product but didn't fit our dietary needs	0	0	My son is unique in that he has an allergy to carrots.  It is extremely difficult to find dinner blends that don't contain them!  I looked over the Earth's Best website to find ingredients and picked this product because carrots were lower down on the list of ingredients.  (Some blended in is okay.)  This still had small carrot chunks throughout!  Pulling them out makes this product much less than 6 oz.  My son still likes this product, even if it doesn't agree with him, and I stand by the quality of Earth's Best.  But is it too much to ask for a product without carrots????
A261I99RHT7ONU	5	Great organic nutrition! My son loves it.	0	0	My son loves this product it is his second favorite meal. He always gobbles it right up. Great value too since it is organic.
AXKXFB6C9Z9BH	3	Son wasn't a fan	0	0	My son simply did not like this flavor jar.  He likes peas, spinach and every veggie we've ever given him, but I guess the medley mix was just not tasty enough.
A1IJDEV752S7QX	1	Beware!!	0	0	"My baby girl choked on this!!  She had been eating food for sometime and even had food ""from the table"".  I packed this because we were going to a local festival and was worried there wouldn't be much there she would be able to eat.  She appeared to be chewing the spaghetti and seemed just fine.  All of a sudden she began choking and I had to clear her throat.  The spaghetti had ""gummed up"" and formed a ball in the back of her throat.  The experience was absolutely horrible.  Please keep a close eye on your little one if you choose to feed this and be sure to feed extra slow!"
A1CMFEF08GUNF4	5	My daughter's favorite	0	0	This baby food is my daughter's favorite, she eats three at lunch couple times a week and is a big help to me when I don't have time to cook nutritious meal for her.
A3O1V4VUZDKTDS	5	Really good food	0	0	Love this babyfood company. They make their babyfood very healthy. My grandchildren love this product. It may be a little thin, but it tastes just like the vegetables in it. And if you feed babies all kinds of vegetables and fruits it is good for them. They will grow up loving them. My grandchildren love all of this companies vegetables and fruit. It is very convenient to get the food delivered, and it is very well packed.Pluse it is cheaper than buying it in the stores.
A1KZ94W7WJL7G	3	Contains Wheat	0	0	This product was disappointing to me because it contained wheat. There were no ingredients on the product details page but I assumed since it was a vegetable dish it would be okay. My son is not specifically allergic but I don't like to give it to him as he spits up more. So, I'll likely not be getting it again. Also, it's extremely bland and not as good as the fresh stuff I make. But in a bind, it's a good meal I guess.
AJPONZF1ZYC1Y	5	Excellent product	0	0	My grandson absolutely loves the Earth's Best food  line. He started with 1st foods  and has progressed to the 3rd foods. Tastes great all organic, wonderful selections.
A6O7JMG88WFPN	5	Yummy!	0	0	So so my son thinks.  He loves this food!  We had ordered it by the flat.  It was our go to food when he was being picky!  Love Earth Best.
A2E8MHOQ7580TM	2	Baby hated the taste	0	0	I bought this to add to his vegetables but honestly by Stage 3- he is really ready to eat big people foods now so he is NOT intereted. The taste of this seems very unpleasing to him. He prefers the Spring Vegetables and Pasta- the chunks of pasta he enjoys.<br /><br />This is a horrible Subscribe and Save item. Too many of them now more than I know what to do with. Idea: we mix half a jar with steamed smashed rice...:)
AXXVOZIEFSY8M	2	My kids loved it!	0	0	These flavors are so subtle (I ate a whole one before I gave to my kids!) but so great to have your tot introduced to such healthy veggies!<br />I've added about half to jarred organic pasta sauce and it gave it a sweet mild taste...all 3 of my kids loved it!
A2MEIWN337HZOU	4	Good Supplement for Dogs!	0	0	I use baby food as a supplement to my dog's diet.  I have a 15 yr old lab and 2 year old chihuahua and I feed them both baby food mixed with their dry kibble about 3x a week. I also feed it to them plain as an occasional treat. It's a good source of fiber.  I just make sure it doesn't contain anything I wouldn't feed them from the table.  It's a nice way to help get them more fiber and because the product is organic, I know there are no chemicals inside.  It's good for their diet and they love it as treat and it's healthy for them.  Way better than the processed treats you can by at the store.
A2ORB52PJQ1EXF	5	My Son's Favorite	0	0	My son loves the spaghetti & cheese. We're vegetarians and its great to have a slightly chunky textured spaghetti baby food with no meat handy. They don't sell it in very many grocery stores near us, so I'm very excited that Amazon carries it.
A25V737AIQZACE	3	So so	0	0	My son doesn't care for it that much. It's this flavor only, all other Earths Best products he loves! I wish it would have been a variety pack instead of all one flavor.
A1YKXVGAIA8952	3	Nutritious, not quite delicious	0	0	"My 10 month old son is not too fond of vegetables and wasn't a big fan of this when I first gave it to him. I tried warming it a little in the microwave first and now he will now eat it without a problem. This vegetable medley is not as ""hearty"" tasting as some of the other Earth's Best products. I have found that my son really doesn't like any Earth's Best food, but I'm glad that he will at least tolerate this one."
A1I7AKW7ER06AY	1	Baby doesn't like this one	0	0	This is the only Earth's Best food that my granddaughter refuses to eat, she loves other products.  Not sure why, it may just be the texture as it is rather thick.
A1BTHZO04GVCS6	5	A favorite	0	0	My daughter loves this stuff! It isn't very chunky, so sometimes we add cereal or pieces of chicken, but she'll eat it straight out of the jar.
A2W3B9DOBX89XN	5	ORGANIC GOODNESS!	0	0	My son loves all of the Earth's Best organic baby foods. They are great and I feel good knowing they are organic without any harmful pesticides. You can't go wrong!
A1YKXVGAIA8952	1	Yuck	0	1	My 9 month old refused to eat more than a bite of this stuff. I tried it and I couldn't blame him. This stuff tastes terrible!
