A3KQDH3HOKS5HO	5	Results You Can See, and FAST!	2	2	This may be the best product I've come across in 25 years of owning and loving American Staffordshire Terriers! I haven't been using them all that long, so I reserve the right to change my mind :-)<br /><br />After just a couple or three weeks of giving two of these tabs a day to my male and female 7 month old puppies and 3 year old males and female adult AmStaffs, the results are impossible to ignore! There is definitely new muscle being added to their bodies, and let me tell you it looks good! I can't wait to see what a few months of this will do for them!<br /><br />We wanted to see if it was the BullyMax for sure or maybe something else, so we discontinued for a month, and guess what happened? The muscle growth slowed back down to what you'd expect for 7 month old pups and pretty much stopped for my adult dogs! They're all back on them now, and not only are they gaining muscle again, but their coats look great, their energy levels and stamina are even better than before, their appetites have improved, and they even seem to be sharper cognitively, with greater attention spans and increased patience! They were doing well in all those areas before I started using BullyMax, but as I said, there is an improvement over their already impressive baseline for all these attributes that can't be denied.<br /><br />They're a little pricey, but from what I've seen, they're worth it. I hope my review helps to inform you as you decide if these are right for your four-legged best friend(s). Peace :-)
AMMZA0DKNFVBZ	5	Great Product	2	3	This product works, it's worth every penny. You will not regret buying this product as it does what it says it would do.
A3DUPDXB8R0C71	2	didnt do anything	0	0	Bully max Muscle buildingdog supplement, i purchased this item and did not have any results. I gave my female pitbull Snookie 2 vitamins aday and this product didnt do anything. Im not trying to bash this company i just didnt have any differences in my dog.
A98TA1062VQSQ	4	Bullymax	0	0	It's okay only because I don't really have time to workout my dog to see the full potential of this product. Overall she is more cut in muscles. And yes I elis recommend this product.
A1ENEAK9NTTJMC	3	bully max	0	0	Well i was hyped about trying the bullymax product but to be honest it didnt meet my expectation i have a 3 month old blue nose and now his 4 months old i had him on bullymax for a month and i dont see anything but sonetimes upset stomach he seems to like the tablet but no gains i have used other supplements out there and you can see the difference the only good thing i can say is that it works like regular vitamins they good for that dont take my word try it yourself you may have different results.
A18ONEHLDUBF76	5	Muscle Juice for Bullys	1	2	Most of the ingredients are the same as active puppy supplements I've found, but I crush these up and add them to my bully's raw meat treats.  My bully is pure muscle. I am not sure if its the Bully Max, but the cost is similar to other supplements so I use it.  I can't compare the Bully Max to other supplements, but I will continue to feed my bully a raw meat, raw veggie, and Bully Max diet.
