A17HMM1M7T9PJ1	4	"I don't know about ""Dark"", but it's very good"	21	21	"One of the big advantages of owning a K-cup brewer is the ability to make a hot beverage for just one person and make whatever they want (as long as you have it).  During the holidays hot cocoa is a favorite drink for the young people in my family as well as anyone wanting a hot and sweet drink.  Since I got my Keurig I have experimented with several different hot cocoa K-cups.  So far, the Green Mountain has been the preferred K-cup, especially by the adults (there are some sweeter ones out there that some of the children like better).  When I saw this new Cafe Escapes Dark Chocolate I decided to give it a try.<br /><br />The first thing that I noticed was that it is made by Green Mountain!  A couple of interesting notes on the box:<br /><br />* You should shake the K-cup before using<br />* They suggest using the 8 oz. cup size<br />* They recommend that you run a hot water brew cycle (without a K-cup) after brewing the Cafe Escapes<br /><br />It did taste a little richer than the regular Green Mountain Hot Cocoa but I didn't get the Dark Chocolate taste that I was hoping for.  I also like it better when I used the next smaller cup size on my Keurig B70 (about 5 1/2 oz.).  It's not as good as the Ghirardelli packets made for the Keurig but it's more convenient.  I like it better than the Gloria Jeans which tends to be a little sweeter and lighter on the chocolate taste.  There is not getting around the fact that the best hot chocolate drink is the one that you make yourself with milk, cocoa and sugar, but this is still very good and I will buy it again.<br /><br /><a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000JVCI96"">Ghirardelli Premium Double Chocolate Hot Cocoa 20ct</a>"
A6XRI9ZOOT477	2	Sugar and Sucralose	34	38	I bought this after reading high reviews in various places about how this is supposed to be one of the best hot cocoas.  It does a better job of getting the flavor of cocoa out than others have but the improvements are ruined by the inclusion of sucralose.  It provides that off putting after taste to the whole thing.  If you don't mind the taste of sucralose/splenda then this is probably pretty good for you.  I just really wish they'd just used sugar for the whole thing.  Oh well, back to cocoa packets for now.
A2SRKM0TTDBEN6	1	Sadly Disappointed	15	16	I was extremely disappointed in this product.  I was expecting the rich, hint of sweetness of quality dark chocolate. My senses were assaulted with a sickening sweet, unpleasant taste of sucralose with no detection of the richness of dark chocolate.  If you are a lover of dark chocolate, this is not the product for you.  The exorbitant price lulled me into thinking this would be made with quality chocolate and real ingredients.  Alas..
AO0LR6YPXPKEA	1	Not so good	4	4	This was OK but not as rich as we would like.  Would NOT reorder this but would like to try others if they are available.
ASPYC20W6PYAG	2	dissapointed	3	3	I was really excited about trying this after reading the reviews. On the bright side it is more chocolaty then the Green Mountain Hot chocolate, unfortunately it's not very sweet......in fact it almost has a bitter after taste. I added 1 tsp of sugar and it was much better. If you like creamy, some what sweet hot chocolate......keep looking.<br /><br />note...my wife posted this review.....hot chocolate is hot chocolate to me...that is all.
A2S4DN72TMWC2C	1	Awful	2	2	Absolutely disgusting. Worse than any packet hot cocoa I've ever had. Artificial sweetener and fake dairy predominate. Very little actual cocoa flavor. Avoid at all costs. I'm trying to use up the remaining 15 cups by making mochas (mix w/ coffee K-Cup), and even those are fair at best.
A2I4CD46WHL5DX	1	Low on the cocoa	2	2	This product is one of the more pricey K-cups--more expensive than coffee/tea. Unfortunately the flavor did not live up to my expectations. Taste and texture are watered down/dilute. Diet Swiss Miss tastes 10x better than this.
A1TFF0CNRCSILZ	1	Dreadful	2	2	I picked up a box of those at Target, eager to try it on our office Keurig machine.<br /><br />It is dreadful.<br /><br />It tastes like heated Hersheys syrup mixed with water, with a good spoonful of sucralose. It tastes nothing like a hot chocolate. In comparison, the Swiss Miss hot chocolate mix is leaps and bounds better in terms of taste and texture. Hell, even my Costco whey protein tastes better than that.
A11KB3FD4VIRTO	1	Absolutely Disgusting	2	2	I should have read the reviews before I bought this one. Worse than the hot chocolate at winter camp! Returned it after trying one.
A1E2BUG66MTO5X	1	NASTY!!!!!!!!!!!!!	2	2	Bought a box, took a week to get the nasty taste out of my mouth.<br /><br />Left them out for my coworkers and everyone that tried them had the same opinion.<br /><br />Not at all what you would want to put in your mouth.
A2EF14T554HPS0	1	Not what I had hoped	2	2	This was hardly dark chocolate and did not have a rich flavor as I had hoped.  I have resorted to adding milk or flavored coffee creamer to make it drinkable.  For the end result, it definitely cost too much.  I give it one star for the wonderful Keurig convenience.
A1JQYB9INKUQIV	5	Yummy!	2	2	I have tried many different hot cocoas for my Keurig and I think this is my favorite!  I am a chocolate lover and found this one to have the most flavor and I like the deep brown color of it.  I also like Timothy's White Hot chocolate but find that while it is sweet, doesn't have the chocolate flavor that this one has.
AIK70E6PUZM0T	1	I can't believe people are paying this price!	1	1	This is sad....this price is MORE THAN DOUBLE than what you pay at Bed, Bath, and Beyond....and there you can use d coupon and get it for even cheaper....paying more than $10 a box for this is just RIDICULOUS!!!  Shop elswehere!
A3TWIUN2YTYNML	1	Mmm, chemicalicious!	1	1	I used the small cup size, and it tasted like a watery cup of chemicals with a hint of chocolate flavor. Yuk.
A2A52XKXGRT8GA	5	Yum - Delicious Chocolate Flavor!	1	1	I think this is one of the best hot chocolates I've ever had.  It tastes like a fine dark chocolate candy bar and when I put some whipped cream on it, it's like heaven in a mug!  I haven't tried any of the other hot chocolates so I have nothing to compare it to, but I don't think I'm going to move to anything else.  I also love the Cafe Mocha by the same company.  I served it after a dinner party and my guests were oohing and aahing for the rest of the night!  I love my Keurig!
A2EWV3SZ5Q3QK7	2	Weak	1	1	Even after shaking the cup and using the smaller water amount, we found this cocoa to be weak, watery, almost tasteless. MUCH prefer the Green Mountain Cocoa we got in a sample pack.
A3J5FBX1LZWMDZ	5	Yummy!	0	0	This Cafe Escapes product is like drinking a piece of dark chocolate. It has quickly become an office favorite around here.
A2EE7H7BR3KDFS	5	Love this!	0	0	I wasn't a fan of the taste when it was plain- but I added a little creamer and it became so rich and delicious- totally different cup of hot chocolate!
A3G93L4BYM513	1	Disappointing Chemical Taste	0	0	New to the world of Keurig, I bought these K-cups in a large package for my husband and I to share.  Unfortunately we were very disappointed.  Hot chocolate K-cups are designed to quick-dissolve (compared to the regular hot chocolate packages you buy from the store) and it tastes like chemicals.  The milk chocolate is no different than the dark chocolate when it comes to chemical taste.  After playing with different water level settings, I eventually just had to throw them out.  Now we buy normal hot chocolate packets instead.
A1DRJBPOAUUYG3	1	Doesn't taste like chocolate	0	0	I was so excited for these, but sadly it just taste like hot water when heated up and very chemically too. This is the second cafe escape k-cup product I have tried and both have been horrible. I do not plan on trying anything else from these guys.
ABWCUB71DOWC9	1	Yuck!	0	0	I was hoping for good-quality hot chocolate from these K-Cups because I chose the dark chocolate variety, and dark chocolate generally equals a richer chocolate flavor.  I was very disappointed by the quality of this K-Cup, as I could taste the artificial sweetener in it and the chocolate flavor was very weak.  It actually made me sick to my stomach to drink this hot chocolate and I'm not even sure that my kids would drink it.  I couldn't finish my first cup.
A245PMSUUWWX5T	1	Production control issues?	0	0	It seems like reviewers either really like this product or really dislike it.  When we tried it for the first time last night, the result was a watery, bitter, vaguely chocolate flavored drink.  All three of us poured it down the drain.  If other people really like this product, they must be drinking a different formulation.
A2DCW10P9IG4EN	5	Absolutely delicious	0	0	"I have no idea what prior reviewers are tasting, but my wife and I love these K-Cups and would much rather have this than Swiss Miss packets.  This tastes like *cocoa* and not *chocolate* and, for that reason alone, it'd be 5-stars to me.  The sweetener level was just fine, with no bizarre aftertaste.  If they had used full-on sugar, it'd be like sucking a melted chocolate bar out of a cup - which I would hate.  In fact, this could have been even more bitter.  It reminds me of the mildly (this is key) sweetened cocoa found in Mexican grocers as ""Mexican chocolate.""<br /><br />For best results, you *have* to shake the K-Cup as stated on the box.  We added a splash of heavy cream when done and it was heaven.  Plus, no grainy, powdery consistency found in packet mixes.  If you have a Keurig, and you want easy-to-make hot cocoa (and the over-rich quality of Ghirardelli and the like are too much for your tastes), I recommend this product."
A2YSYZVQ5H6FM1	1	So Horrible	0	0	I just received my new Keurig machine.  I made sever cups of coffee which I love.  This morning I decided to try the hot cocoa.  When I purchased the machine I received several free samples of different coffees, cocoa etc.....I decided I wanted the hot chocolate this morning and it was horrible.  It had a severely metallic after taste which I could not get rid of.  I would not recommend this to anyone.  The sad thing is, I received an entire free box of the hot chocolate which is now wasted, although I feel better that I did not pay for such a bad tasting product.  I love the Keurig for coffee only, everything else is sub par.
A3DZCNE8GA9H2Q	1	Worst tasting hot chocolate ever!	0	0	This dark hot chocolate is so bad, I would be ashamed to produce it and put my company's name on it. YUCK! I put it out where I work and the other employees think the same thing..... YUCK! Being from the SOUTH and home of some really GREAT hot chocolate.... this stuff I wouldn't serve to my worst enemy! HORRIBLE!!! It taste like an old shoe has been boiled, the shoe broth poured over cheap dark chocolate flavored wax, and then added a pound of netrasweet to the mix....... YUCK.... YUCK.... AND MORE YUCK!<br /><br />If you want an instant hot chocolate, save yourself from this YUCK! Buy swissmiss and be happy! It's much better!
A2PDN5BECFGQTW	1	Yuck, Sucralose!	0	0	"I was looking forward to treating myself with a yummy cup of hot chocolate.  When I took the first taste is was extremely disappointed.  I looked at the package and sure enough, the last ingredient was sucralose.  My husband gets migraines from artificial sweeteners.  After one drink he stopped but still got the headache. Bad move Green Mountain.  If your going to put artificial sweetener in you NEED to say something like ""reduced sugar"" or something to warn people to check a little closer!"
A1CY8TAF8X5P6O	1	Not happy. Hate artificial sweetener.	0	0	Bought a box of these at BBB (for less than the listed Amazon price), and after the first sip I was completely grossed out.  First, the artificial sweetener (sucralose=Splenda) aftertaste just killed it for me.  I can taste that stuff a mile off, and think it's nasty.  Also, even if it was sweetened normally, the chocolate flavor was very thin and weak.  I'd have been better off just heating the hot water with my Keurig and stirring in some Swiss Miss mix.<br /><br />Why isn't the sweetener mentioned anywhere on the box except for in tiny letters on the ingredient list??
AWE8PL5OBGGF	5	Pleasant Joy in a mini Cup	0	0	I bought this for a friend as a replacement for all the ones I drank using her one cup brewer. I drank them all, that's how delicious they were!
AYSMMOBT0G9BY	1	Wow, seriously?	0	0	I decided to try it even though it has a lot of bad reviews. I should have listened. It's way too sweet to qualify as a dark chocolate drink.The sugar with the sucalose makes it sickeningly sweet and stomach churning. It's missing the creamy quality that hot cocoa should have, kinda watery although it does have some of the thick mouth feel, just no creaminess. I think I'll stick with packets when I'm too lazy to make it from scratch.
A3NBHYYTA1PQJF	1	Bitter, artificial taste. Unpalataible.	0	0	I see that other reviewers mention the sucralose in this cocoa. I don't know if that's what causes the unpleasant chemical taste I noticed but whatever the ingredient is, it makes both flavors of cocoa from this company very unpalatable.<br /><br />This mix doesn't even start to compare to Carnation or Swiss Miss mixes, or those from Tassimo. Save your money. It tastes like it was made by a chemist, not someone who has ever tasted real - or even good instant - cocoa.
A262CYAY43PF52	3	Too expensive	0	0	I'm sorry but for the price I was expecting more.  I was unimpressed.  The taste is good but in my opinion, seems no better than regular hot chocolate.  Most likely will not purchase this again.
AXNRNCWFVF4H7	5	Mmmm	0	0	Delicious rich dark chocolate and K-Cup convenience...what's not to like?  Definitely a winner if you have a K-Cup machine and a love of hot chocolate.
A2GZ4KY8R72WE3	1	Yuck!	0	0	Don't know if its artificial sweetner or just poor quality cocoa, but this left a bad taste in the mouth and was not enjoyable at all. I'll be giving the rest away.
A1B9UT6YLU4XX2	1	Worst Hot Chocolate I've Ever Had!	0	0	I couldn't even taste the chocolate. It tasted more like dirt that was brewed with hot water. I have so many of these left and I can't bear to drink them. Absolutely horrible!
A1QIHNZHUHQV08	1	Ewwww. Nasty	0	0	If you don't mind the taste of sucralose (think nuclear fallout combined with lye) then you will like this drink.  It also begs the question of why, when the first ingredient listed is sugar that they even felt the need to add the sucralose.
AXXLCTO0SQ7YO	4	better than expected!	0	0	I have to say i was impressed with this hot cocoa! I like mine thick/rich and it was. I gave it 4 stars for price here. I bought the same amount at my local store for only $11.00!
A3I4TU5NDPSO04	5	By Far The Best Hot Chocolate I've Ever Had!!!!!!	0	0	I am usually a milk chocolate- hot chocolate drinker, but when I saw this I had to give it a try and boy am I glad I did. There is nothing that compares to this, not even the Godiva hot chocolate. This Dark Chocolate Hot Cocoa is the best HANDS DOWN!!!!! I'm a huge chocoholic, I've been eating chocolate for over 30 yrs, I'm 32.... so I think its safe to say I've had my share of hot cocoa. I've even had the aztec version you make with milk. This so much better. I just wish they had it on auto-order!!!
A11QMI2QLO6CU5	5	A Chocoholics Dream!	0	0	"<a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0045IK1CK"">Cafe Escapes Dark Chocolate Hot Cocoa Keurig K-Cups, 16 Count</a> Mmmm, Mmmm, Goood!  (Oops wrong product!... but it fits) When it comes to chocolate of any variety I prefer the less sweet, bolder taste and mouth feel of dark chocolate.  Thus, the dark chocolate hot cocoa has quickly become my favorite.  It is rich, bold & creamy (even so I add dry creamer).  At 1 minute to heat up the brewer & 1 minute to brew a fantastic cup of hot cocoa, you can't beat it.  A tip: stir your cup of cocoa occasionally while you drink it as some of the chocolate tends to settle out, and as a fellow chocoholic I'm sure you would hate to see any of that chocolate go to waste."
A51QPUSUEPMPO	2	Dark It Is But Tasteful It Is Not	0	0	I followed the recommendations and as soon as it was palable, I tried it. It tasted like it was a diet drink more than a rick , dark, sinful hot chocolatey escape. Do not waste your time or energy with this product. It doesnt live up to its name.
A21N3NX6IIMZ1X	2	Didn't like at all!	0	0	I was really excited to try this, thinking it was actually going to taste like a dark chocolate hot drink. I was sorely disappointed. In my opinion it was WAY too sweet and I didn't even get a hint of dark chocolate taste. To make matters worse, if you read the ingredients on the box, it's full of chemicals I can't even pronounce, as well as artificial sweetener. Save your money and keep looking.
A2JC0G945B4X93	5	Great Hot Chocolate	0	0	Great Hot chocolate for the Keurig, but if cafe escapes keeps limiting the supply in order to drive the price up I think that many buyers including myself will stop buying it. It is only worth about 50cents a cup not a dollar like they are trying to get
A2YV8GYPCN5PAM	5	The best	0	0	I wouldnt consider this DARK.. maybe semi dark.  But i can tell you this is the BEST hot chocolate.  I dont understand why all the bad reviews.  its really awesome.
AFCFFX449NPJM	2	Kuerig Fan	0	0	a bit disappointed overall with this product.  I made a mug of this hot chocolate, but found it very weak in flavor. I was expecting a stronger flavor.
A1D7UY06MLBOWV	4	Best of the Kcup cocoas	0	0	I have tried several hot cocoa K-cups and this one is the best of all the ones I've tried.  Ok I like Godiva better but that has to be made w/milk and is more calories.  So for my Keurig, this is the one I buy.
A2I2KPNJDQ9SL0	2	Funny taste	0	0	It tastes harsh and artificial, not what is expected in hot chocolate.<br />I prefer the Green Mountain Hot Cocoa.<br /><br />Chocolate tastes aside, neither of them are perfect for K-cup as chocolate powder do not always dissolve completely inside K-cup, so there are some inconsistencies between cups. Some cups can be much weaker than others, especially if the K-cup is not shaken before use.
A1G1XRJE50WOFB	3	Better than others I've tried	0	0	"Although I do like the flavor of this hot chocolate and was excited about it being ""dark chocolate"" (my favorite!), I only gave this a 3 star review. It tastes good, especially with a bit of added cream. My one complaint though is it seems to give me a slight aftertaste, which I do not like. So far, however, this is the best k-cup hot chocolate I've found. Hoping more will come out to try, because none of them I've tried so far are THAT good, this one is the best though. At least it does taste like hot chocolate, the others taste like brown SLIGHTLY chocolate flavored water. Suggestion: Make the smallest cup setting or the hot chocolate will be too weak. Add a tish of cream and/or whipped cream on top and stir as it's brewing...makes it taste good!"
A190O0ZBSQYCOB	5	The Best Hot Chocolate Flavor in a K Cup	0	0	Not really a dark chocolate it tastes more like what real hot chocolate should be.  The other hot chocolates available for the Keurig are just brown water in comparison.
AECZCS63J8ORA	5	CAFE ESCAPES HOT COCOA	0	0	BEST OT CHOCOLATE I HAVE TRIED. MY FAMILY DOESN'T WANT TO DRINK THE OTHER HOT CHOCOLATES THAT HAVE BEEN PURCHASED.
A28O3XLRWT853F	1	Taste like a sugar free product	0	0	I tried this after a co-worker said they were good. One sip and you can taste the sucralose. Gross. I hate that taste. Waste of money. Gave them to my co-worker.
A2DEROS3K5K6RN	1	Hydrogenated!	0	1	Why would they make a hot chocolate that has trans fat in it????  So will not buy it.  Look for the word hydrogenated in the ingredient list.
