AHKPZ11JT110F	4	"This is the base for my ""homemade"" chai tea...excellent!"	2	2	I do not drink this on its own. I steep it with a bag of Tea India Cardamom Chai, a Star Anise, the seeds of two cardamom pods and a chunk of candied or regular ginger, I also grind in a twist of black pepper. After it is done, I add honey to taste and milk or half & half.<br /><br />I've had this tea alone and it misses something (in my taste preferences) and the pepper taste is strong in an unpleasant way. It mellows out if I add milk or cream. But since I prefer stronger flavors in my Chai, I add all of the above. The milk is crucial because without it the tea will be bitter.<br /><br />Even though I'm not crazy about this alone, I can't do without it when making my own Chai.
ALF1R9OGP53O9	5	Amazed!	1	1	I still do not understand why this was so cheap. It is the exact product that I pay more for on the shelf, with less tea bags. Great purchase.
A13JT36YAFD6JX	5	Tea Review	1	1	Arrived in good shape. Good value for money. Local Publix costs 1.50 more per box. So all in all a good purchase as it saved money, time and gas in purchasing from local store.
AGHXB6UPPU8ZP	5	Best chai available in a general grocery store!	1	1	I have tried all the brands of chai sold in my local grocery stores, and I always come back to this one. I like the spiciness of the black pepper especially - this tea will warm you up! I am very picky about black teas in general, and will mostly only drink loose leaf black tea or PG Tips, but this one tastes high quality to me and gives me something to drink that's a little sweeter and complex when I'm in the mood for something beyond black tea. Brew it in just-boiled water, add honey and milk or cream to taste, and enjoy!<br /><br />The biggest down side to Tazo brand chai is that it tends to be rather pricey compared to other brands. I try to buy it in bulk when I can to ease the sting of the price a bit.
A1G7SRSI8R37V	5	Many great evenings over Asian fumes	1	1	Perfectly proportioned and very generously bagged. The strongest tea on the market. Powerful, tasty, energizing.<br />The most addictive chai tea ;)
APPNN3ALT0ME2	5	Great alternative to daily Starbucks trips	0	0	"My wife and I are big fans of hot morning drinks (with caffeine), especially in the winter. We realized this to be a great way for us to get our morning fix more affordably from home. It's been about a year now and somehow this ""flavor"" tea hasn't gotten old yet!"
A25Y9D9BE3IJPN	5	Addicted to this tea	0	0	I love this tee. I steep two bags for about 6 minutes in the boiling water, and add local honey. After i steep it, I add soy milk. Or I pour it over a tall glass of ice, and the soy milk. It taste so good hot or cold.
A11JCNY9D1R145	4	Great product	0	1	I have to agree with most of the other reviewers, this is the best black tea spice blend you can find.<br /><br />My problem is with Amazon pricing it very close to retail price even if you are buying in bulk. I would rather pay little more and pick up a fresh box every month. I have even found them on discount in mid town nyc store. So I am not too eager to stock it from Amazon.
