A2ZR9TOHBPKJ8Z	5	A party in your mouth	4	4	This bar is awesomely good.  It has a bbq flavor, without the mess. The berries and bison is a great combination.  Perfect on the go snack.  My kids love them.  They finish a 12 pack box a day.  If offered a sweet treat or this bar, hands down, thus far, they have chosen this bar.
A2A6LK1CIVBCG3	5	Better than jerky	4	4	A little pricey but worth it for what it is.  Very meaty flavor with a bit of sweetness from the fruit.  Makes a very good emergency snack to carry around.  The ingredients are better and it contains less chemicals than some of the overly processed beef jerky and slim jim type snacks around.
A3GLUMRK9Z2CGU	4	Tanka Bar Review	4	4	The taste is good, but each bar I have opened have a real greasy, wet look & feel to them on the outside. Therefore, after I open a wrapper I roll the food bar in a napkin or paper towel before I begin to eat. The wet, greasy feel gets on everything if you don't wipe them off.
A36WGHR8TO5DKT	5	Good.  Odd, but Good.	2	2	First, I want to confirm that these are tasty, appealing, and you feel good consuming them.<br /><br />Having said, that, I will say that I've never eaten anything quite like these before.  I've eaten plenty of bison (which just tastes like uber-awesome beef essentially); and of course I've had plenty of cranberries.  It's that this rendition of such a combo comes across as unexpected in both flavor and texture.<br /><br />The product is a slender, small candybar like shape and size.  Each is individually well packaged, so you can take one with you in your purse or etc. without leakage concerns.  The individual package opens by peeling back a loose bit of the upper part of the wrapper at one end (essentially splitting the wrapper along the seams).<br /><br />The bar inside is dark and looks pretty much like one solid piece of meat, although it glistens from the fruit content.  It doesn't look like a compressed bar of chunks, like a granola bar.<br /><br />When you bite into it, you discover that the bar consists of nicely sized chunky strips of bison which are compressed, heavily flavored with a juicy, saucy, fruity cranberry flavor.  It's rather like the meat bars were dunked into cranberry puree and absorbed it.  Here and there, in the little pockets that form between parts of the compressed meat chunks, you get tiny bursts of the fruit sauce and flavor.  The fruit taste is sincere, but not particularly tart.  The bar overall comes across as sweet rather than savory.<br /><br />If you have eaten meat with a fruit compote (turkey with cranberry sauce, for example or, as Katniss favors, lamb with prunes), then I think these bars will remind you of that more than anything else.<br /><br />So - not a savory, oily, tough, jerky or beef stick type of snack whatsoever.  But a goodly snack-sized amount of what seems like clean, healthy bison meat with a cranberry compote effect.<br /><br />I will definitely continue to purchase this product.  It's a great snack option to have on hand.
A3KOAIRG0CC0NR	5	Some of the best soft jerky I have ever had	2	2	I've known about Tanka bars for quite a long time, but I never got around to ordering any until now. I thought the recipe sounded really interesting, but the bars are a bit expensive. I finally pulled the trigger, and I'm glad that I did. These are easily the best beef jerky bars that I've had. They are quite soft, and the cranberries provide a nice contrast to the buffalo meat. My only suggestion is to have a napkin handy, as they can be a little messy.
AIB4OKYPJZRZG	4	Tasty paleo snack!	2	2	I was a little hesitant to order these, but having recently adopted a paleo diet I was looking for convenient, nutritious snacks.  The combination of buffalo and cranberry didn't seem too appealing.  I was pleasantly surprised to find that these are indeed tasty.  They are a little greasier than you would get with traditional beef jerky, but I'll get used to that.  The only downside is the price -- quite an expensive bar.
A23IJVLH846JXN	5	Great taste-	2	2	These are really good and addictive. The cranberry sounds weird but adds a great flavor. A bit pricey like all jerky but worth it.
A2XZEAEZCZAF6Y	5	Tasty TANKA bars!	1	1	Tanka bars are an amazing, super healthy, satisfying food. I believe vending machines should stock these healthy food bars in every college campus! I promote them in my Native American Culture courses, and I would love to see Tanka Bars become a national snack food! They are incredibly yummy!
A1LO8T8LUIEKTQ	5	Tanka very much!	1	1	"I've used beef jerky before for a low carb snack, but it's not really my favorite thing.  I rather like this one because it has a barbecue taste to it.  It has a sweetness that is also tangy, and is not a ""sweet treat"" that leaves one craving more.  Also thumbs up for the non-chemical ingredients.  As for it being ""wet and greasy"" as noted by some,  I just open the top and peel it down halfway, using the bottom part as the holder; keeping the hands clean."
ADJUOG2Z64N20	3	too sweet	4	6	"Product site says that it is ""kid tested"" & approved (probably because of the added sugar). I get more of a sweet flavor than a meat taste. Dried Cranberries have added sugar as is normal w/ cranberries. Glad it is All Natural (sugar tho?) but definitely too sweet for me. I was hoping for more of a meat flavor - not there. Wont be ordering again. A nice meal/snack but I feel very overpriced. May be true to traditional Pemican recipe, maybe my expectations were wrong."
