A3Q90JARBPQ51Y	1	Somewhat resembles peanut butter-- maybe	1	1	I purchased this in a grocery store, not amazon, but having read these reviews I wanted to offer my view. I absolutely cannot believe the other reviews that say it is good or the closest thing to natural peanut butter. Neither the texture nor the taste come close to even the cheapest supermarket brand peanut butter, never mind tasting like a quality natural product. It has intense off-flavors, somewhat reminiscent of tapioca gone bad, or perhaps it's something like a sweet chemical-like flavor/smell. And the texture is way wrong. It is too thin, almost liquidy. Just yuck. Better'n Peanut Butter isn't even better'n nothing.
A280XZAMM95WNI	5	Better'n Peanut Butter vs. Jiff	2	3	I am pleasantly surprised that this stuff taste better than any of the natural peanut butters I tried to replace Jiff with. While it does not taste better than my favorite it is the closest. I would rather eat this than Peter Pan, Reeses, or any other similar competitors. My main purpose for this peanut butter was to replace Jiff because of its ridiculous fat and caloric count. I now eat this 9 out of 10 PB and J's. It suffices enough to replace Jiff. I have no guilt when eating peanut butter now with the amazing nutrition of this product and unexpectedly good taste. I keep Jiff around to eat maybe once a month although I would not die if I was never allowed ot purchase it again come tomorrow. I am not a health freak, but I just started working out again 3x's a week and this really helps me shed calories and fat while supplying some nice protein and fiber. God bless greek yogurt, canned tuna fish, and this peanut butter for keeping me healthy and not looking like glutton.
A15F20ZOMDK1OD	5	Better n Peanut Butter	2	3	Positively scrumptious. Lives up to its name. I mix it with greek yogurt and have it for breakfast every morning. Beware the Better n Butter addiction, one spoonful and you'll be hooked.
A3DGWPPVCNOUJ4	4	Pretty good	0	0	Pretty good, looking for a lower calorie alternative to PB, this is pretty good.  its 100 cals and 3 grams of protein in two tablespoons.  A little thinner and sweeter than your average PB but i like it and I will purchase it again (although I bought mine in a Super Target). Try it.
AS80W021NXRQP	3	intense	0	0	this stuff is intense. its both very salty and very sweet. it has a very peanuty taste, the texture is a very creamy/liquidy. its good. but very strong, think salted caramel intense. 1 tbsp and you're good.
