A62D41SMFHUVB	5	Amazing Buy!	0	0	Great buy and loved by my son's 3rd grade class and all of his teachers!  I purchased 30 bears which came in 2 perfectly packed boxes.  I really appreciated the early than expected delivery.  Great as a favor for any event.
A206LQVOINVWBL	5	Best teddy for the holidays	0	0	Received just before holiday on a great lightening deal purchase. These were a huge hit with entire family as decorations that made their way into stockings. Great quality.
A1LIOJ8YEOAZZC	1	arrived badly damaged	0	0	I have to agree with the other reviewer.  Packaging was extremely insufficient and 4 of my bears arrived smashed beyond recognition.  Why not just return you ask?-simple they were purchased with the expectation of giving as gifts.  Since I was awaiting their arrival I did not purchase alternate gifts to give.  Now with a few days left before the holiday I am forced to use what I can from the shipment and try to find alternatives for the damaged items.  Would not buy again.
AAX5STGKMCSYO	5	Confused by other review	0	0	I received the product today. None of the bears were broken, but there were one or two of them that had some of the peel wearing off(only marginally though). The bears were not melted either. They came in a Lindt Box with a cute storage for each of them, and had a plastic top as mentioned in the other review.<br /><br />The chocolate was very delicious. I took one and tried it and it tasted just like a Lindt Truffle, albeit without the truffle goodness inside it. The bears are adorable and I will be using the majority of them for little thank you for teachers and friends. They all have an expiration date on them (for me, it was May 2012) and come exactly as the picture states.<br /><br />I'd recommend the other reviewer to ask Amazon for a refund...it seems the bears were sent in a hot location which is why they melted. My bears came in 65 degree weather so they managed just fine.
A12IYMZVJN7O2V	1	broken bears	0	0	I thought giving chocolate bears would be great for the holidays but when they arrived half of the bears arrived broken or melted. The packaging was totally insufficient with only a plastic top on the bears. The candy was obviously not lovingly cared for and havoc reigned. Now I have nothing to give the kids. I would not order from this company again.
