A1R8LOL20CGLQ1	5	Good service, good product	0	0	I have no complaints about this product or the company through which I purchased. I'm always looking for the cheapest price for these particular k-cups, and this one hit the mark on the particular week I was shopping. I'd recommend doing business with this company.
A3LPIFJYCCI8V7	5	Caribou Coffee K Cups	0	0	Love them!  Great deal.  Waiting for you to put another bulk order up so I can buy them again!  I'm running low
AJLFOV0PFNG09	5	Coffee Break	0	0	Great tasting coffee with that little edge we like. Caribou is one of our favorites in the K-cups.Look forward to trying more flavors.
A1URS764KRWVL6	5	love this coffee.	0	0	this is the best coffee. I've tried many k cup coffees and this one is the best one that i have found so far.
A2H6YK4BZFGHA5	5	2nd favorite all around coffee pod	0	0	Caribou makes a mean cup of coffee. It basically tastes like you just paid $2 for it. Medium flavor and I mix my coffee with heavy whipping cream. Good stuff.
A3A02ZHIEXYCUB	5	Love This Coffee!	0	0	This is my favorite coffee. Perfect level of strength. Excellent flavor. It's bold and robust without being too intense. It tastes like morning.
A3O1I3KB7L1R9S	5	Awesome coffee!!!	0	0	We love Caribou coffee,plain and simple.  It is my hubby's top 5 coffee's. He loves the Raspberry Chocolate Truffle also.  But Caribou ROCKS!!!
A1VR9II0HC7ZQ6	3	Just okay Coffee	0	0	"This coffee is not quite what I thought it to be. Taste a little on the strong side. It is rather pricy, and yet I found it on sale, so I thought. I have plenty of caribou and that should hold me for a while until the seasonal coffees come out, hopefully they will not be so high in price. Saw a review on the Kcup coffees and found that they got the rating of being simply just ""ok"", so it is more of the easy of making the coffee rather than the price or quality of the brew of coffee. I shall keep my eyes peeled for the cheapest place to buy my kcups. The day break of the caribou is the best variety of the caribou brand."
A2XUUWZZR3PP33	2	Taste is obviously subjective	0	0	"I find it interesting when I see a wide range of comments for a product, particularly if for a food or drink. Taste is obviously very subjective. If I was a Maxwell House drinker I might say this coffee was great. If on the other hand, I roasted my own beans (I do), I would say this coffee is disappointing. I bought a Keurig and Breville machine for convenience. I generally use the ""My K cup"" and grind my own beans. At the office, however, I do use packaged K cups. I prefer a stronger brew, but a medium roast. So far I have found Wolfgang Puck's Vienna Coffee House blend to be very nice. The Caribou Blend was too weak for my taste. This morning I used 2 k cups for 1 mug. It was stronger, but lacked any real flavor. On another point, I wish there was some consistency or change in language when k cups are described as bold. Too many people thing that means a dark roast. It does not. I see so many people comment that bold is roasted too dark for their taste (like Starbucks). Bottom line .... I'll use 2 k cups of the Caribou Blend until I use the 2 boxes I have, then it's back to Wolfgang."
A166CNCHL42AOE	5	Excellent Blend	0	0	The Caribou Coffee K-Cup is an excellent blend of strong coffee. It's not for everyone. I'd recommend it to those who like stronger coffees, and even espressos.
A3GHY2GE7LX7Q6	5	One of my favorites.	0	0	I susally like Kona or a stronger roast, but this has a good flavor as well.  It is hard to find in K cup variety in regular stores for me, so I am glad I can find it here.
A16228TF2JGTB0	5	Very Smooth - Best Keurig Coffee I've Tried, So Far	0	0	I'm a big fan of Illy coffee. It is a very smooth coffee. I was tired of having to work (clean stuff)to make my coffee so I purchased a Keurig.<br /><br />I purchased a sample pack. The only coffee I was impressed by was the Caribou. It's a slight bit weak for my taste but it is oh so smooth and flavorful. I actually purchased this pack because it was so good. It's as close as I can come to Illy on my Keurig, so far.<br /><br />I also purchased the Caribou Mahogany but it has not delivered yet. I'm hoping it's stronger, yet smooth like the Caribou blend. I like strong but smooth. I'm not interested in bitter.<br /><br />If you want a delightful smooth full bodied coffee, this is it. I drink coffee more for the taste than anything else and I'm extremely picky so I was pleasantly surprised when I was pleased by the Caribou Blend.
A1PYM5X59JM6VR	5	Very tasty coffee!	0	0	This is really tasty coffee - not too strong, not too weak, just right!  We have been trying all different kinds and this is one of the best.  Getting ready to order more right now.
A2ZOVHKYDH4UOJ	4	Nice strong flavor w/out being too bold	0	0	"A nice strong ""regular"" flavor of coffee w/out being too bold.  Strong enough for the larger size cup choices without getting too weak like some of the flavored coffees do and yet not so ""extra bold"" that you can't bear it.  A nice option when you don't want flavor."
AE8D0IW1ULZFR	5	Delicious!!	0	0	Takes like a sweet/mellow breakfast blend to me. I was drinking the Tully's Kona Blend, but I like this much better. I use the 2nd tallest cup setting on my Keurig so it's not too concentrated.
AY9XWXW7E47E0	5	Good coffee	0	0	Most of the reviews I have read were pretty much how the coffee tasted to people. Since everyone's taste is different, I think it's a moot point. What is important is how fresh the coffee is. I found that each cup had the same freshness so that's a nod to consistency. As for my own personal taste preferences, I drank Folgers Classic Roast for years and since that isn't available in K cup, I've been drinking the Caribou Coffee blend as a replacement. It tastes fine to me and the caffeine keeps me going all day.  I haven't had any problems with using the Caribou Coffee K cup either. When company comes, this is one coffee I don't share :)
AZJHB1BU40E1Q	3	Caribou: an average cup of coffee.	0	0	The aroma of this blend is sharp and bold, but not as appealing as some of the other varieties ive tried, semi astringent. I brewed this on the 7.25oz setting and found it to be strong and dark enough to use milk and one tsp of sugar.<br />The taste is underwhelming, and seems to be along the lines of an average at best cup of coffee. The taste characteristic is along the lines of walnut and brandy, which is nice but not present enough to make this blend memorable.<br />It is as drinkable as a mild cup of starbucks coffee...
A2DIG0DGRLZZX1	5	great coffee-excellent service	0	0	great coffee<br />excellent service<br />best way to buy K cups<br />stock up-before coffee prices go up again
AXW1OVBP9WL7J	5	soft and smooth	0	0	This is MY favorite for my Keurig brewer. I make the biggest cup out of the 3 sizes. I add milk and quite a bit of sugar, simple. I love that for me this one tastes so smooth and soft, nice aroma, tiny bit chocolaty taste, perfect. All my friends I have ever made it to enjoyed it too! :-)
AU0OW7FV977EY	5	Hands down the best flavor	0	0	I have tried a variety of K-Cup and have found this to be my favorite, of course taste is all personal preference.
AN9QZC9PV3UUU	1	Boring	0	0	This was a just a boring type of coffee, kind of like the kind you can get in a bank that has been sitting out for awhile, nothing exciting about it.  With that stated my two top K cups are Santa's Buzz and Gloria Jean Butter Tofee if that let's you know my taste preferences.
AVI6809ANU49D	5	K-cups	0	0	These k-cups were good. It was the delivery charge that I was upset with. Order a large amount to be delivered ASAP and didn't get them on time. I will not order from this site again. Was told by Amazon that they would reemburse me for the delivery charge and I was never compensated. I'll order from another site.
A2XFMRFEC6CY2W	5	Love the coffee	0	0	My husband and I were useing the caribou blend beans at home. We really enjoyed that coffee. So when I got a kurig I looked for caribou coffee. Am very pleased. Will buy again and again.
A1BT1QJ7TVTO5K	5	Excellent and so convenient	0	0	I love Caribou coffee and the convience of the K-cup! So easy and tasty<br />And you can't beat the price!
A2M3GY0ZRSHAM	5	The best we've found	0	0	We've had our Keurig for about 2 years now, and have tried almost every single variety of the K-Cups. Caribou Blend is our favorite of all these. It has a great bold taste, with no bitterness. This k-cup will always be in our pantry!
A3OXHLG6DIBRW8	5	Very Smooth Coffee - Highly Recommended	0	0	"Caribou Coffee ""Caribou Blend"" K-Cups make a very good cup of coffee in my <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000AQPMHA"">Keurig B-40 B40 Elite Gourmet Single-Cup Home-Brewing System</a>. This is a very smooth tasting brew that my wife prefers over the <a href=""http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0029XDZIK"">Coffee People, Donut Shop K-Cups for Keurig Brewers (Pack of 50) [Amazon Frustration-Free Packaging</a>] I generally drink in the morning.<br /><br />Highly Recommended!<br /><br />CFH"
AZIF0326F6T8G	5	Finally!!!	0	0	I have been looking for the perfect cup of coffee and i think i found the closest thing to it. So Far i have tried Timothys kona and italian, all of the green mountain brews, coffee people, and gloria jeans. I think i am settled on the caribou med roast, it is not acidy, it packs a nice caffeine punch and has a good coffee flavor. You will not be dissapointed with this coffee.
A7ZXCZ7NEP1GS	5	So good!	0	0	This coffee has spoiled me for all other brands and types. My husband too. We are Caribou Blend people. This coffee is so smooth; it almost tastes chocolaty. I'm buying my 3rd box. 'Nuff said.
ABAHKMFEHT8K1	5	Doesn't Bite back	0	0	I just received my order from 1 Quick cup of this coffee today and was never so anxious to try a Kcup due to all the raving reviews. I brewed it in my B40 @ the 9.25 mug size and added cream and a sugar substitute. This is a wonderfully blend; not harsh not weak and it doesn't try to be something it is not. I know that sounded a bit odd but that was my first impression. This is my third cup this afternoon so I would like to try another cup without the nuances of the other kcups on my palate<br /><br />Not to be redundant from what the other reviewers have written; it's very mellow yet rich and doesn't bite back and leaves no harsh after taste. Can't wait to try it later @ the 7.25 mug size.<br /><br />UPDATE: Well I just had my Caribou @ the 7.25 mug size and it was as delicious as the larger mug size. A bit more after taste but again not offensive. Though I read that this coffee is a medium roast, to me, it tastes more like a light roast which I seem to gravitate to. I will brew it @ the larger mug size just so I can enjoy it longer. Caribou differently hit the nail on the head with this one. So it wins a spot on my top ten favorite Kcups list.
A2JO3AQ0PB318P	3	good coffee but NOT a 24-pack!!	1	2	This variety of coffee came as a sample with my Keurig brewer and I LOVED it, so I ordered this from Amazon. When it arrived today I thought it rattled more than usual so I opened up the carton and dumped them out to count them -- only 22 in the package.  Looks like I'll have to re-order a couple of days sooner than I had planned.
AEGN09Z0R7JH0	5	Wife loves Caribou	1	2	When im in the dog house I buy this for my wife it works every time.I love dark coffees(french,Italian,jet fuel)but my wife likes this and what the wife likes the wife gets.<br />Its a medium roast with good body and low acidity,makes for a good all around daytime coffee.
A2JS7QQ2DELCJM	2	Blechhk	1	2	For a regular cup of coffee, I like the smooth taste of Donut House Extra Bold or Green Mountain Breakfast blend.  I did not like this one at all--I guess it just depends on your taste.  I could tell by the burnt unappealing aroma of it that I wouldn't like it.  It tasted bitter to me with a little bit of a bite to it.  This one's for you if you like a more bitter/bittersweet coffee--it just didn't appeal to me because I like a smoother taste with less of an aftertaste.
A3Z9QN0RCOHEY	5	Not too Strong - Not Too Weak	1	2	The Caribou Blend K-Cup is one of my absolute favorites. Not too strong and not too weak. No after taste either. Plenty of caffaine to start my day nd keep me going as well. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
A3TP31S61PPE3G	5	Smooth ideal blend - not too dark and not too light and no bitterness	1	2	Caribou Coffee is one of my favorites in spite of the fact I have to order the regular type online since we don't have any where I live. I ran into these K-cups at Target and thought I'd give them a go.<br /><br />I have occasion to offer people coffee in my office and the K-cup Keurig brewer is perfect for this as it makes just that cup for that person and it's fresh. Without exception everyone I served this too has loved it and asked for the name to purchase for themselves. It is full flavored but not dark and it has a very smooth taste with no bitterness (this is important to me..I find many K-cups to have a bitter aftertaste that affects the aroma of the coffee as well). A normal adding of cream and sugar works fine as well - you don't need more or less than your usual (again helpful when you are making it for clients and such).<br /><br />This is THE favorite for my office and one we will continue to purchase. Enjoy!
A1V7EJMR3FOQ93	2	Disappointed in coffee choice	0	1	On the recommendation of someone else's review which said this coffee was mild, I chose to purchase a box.  It is still stronger than I like.  I have to use much creamer and sugar, plus run more water through a second time.  Not what i hoped for.  Sorry.<br /><br />Would like a truly mild tasting coffee, there were some in the first sample box I bought, but the next two sample boxes had too many strong coffees and many tea cups.  I already have a good selection of tea, etc and only wanted coffee samples.  Am not sure how to find a coffee to my taste without a lot of waste.
A2708XMGVXIHJ4	2	Odd Taste	0	1	I got this in a sampler package.  I won't be buying it again.  It had a sort of stale taste, like coffee that has been sitting in a pot for hours.  I like fairly strong coffee. Coffee People Donut Shop for example.  But this doesn't come close.  It's not weak, just stale.  And no, it wasn't even close to the expiration date.
AK7CAW3N1XZV6	2	Didn't appeal to me at all	1	3	This K-Cup was one of the samples that came with my Mr. Coffee BVMC-KG1 Single Serve Brewing System, Silver.  I hate to be the lone dissenter, but I didn't like this coffee at all; in fact, it was the first of the four samples I've tried so far that I did not like.  To me, it tasted like over-brewed coffee--i.e., like coffee that has been sitting in the pot for several hours.  It wasn't bitter, exactly, but it just did not have a particularly appealing flavor.  I definitely would not buy this coffee again, and I would not recommend it.
ACSK8EI0JR5QU	3	Caribou coffee	0	3	The coffee is ok, nothing special.  I will like to find this product at a better price.
A17HFMUBV1AOGJ	5	AWESOME coffee!	20	20	I have tried a lot of the k-cup coffees and this one is by far the BEST!  It's a medium blend coffee with a strikingly good taste-smooth and NO bitterness!
A34UVV757IKPVB	5	This is hands-down, my favorite coffee on my Keurig coffee maker.	32	35	"Hi!  I have that coffee maker at home - the Keurig thing.  I love it.  And I love coffee - I have some every single morning.  I can't live without it.  I love my coffee maker - and I tried many, many, MANY of the numerous types of coffee that are available for it via these ""K-Cups"".  Let me tell you, that as an avid coffee drinker, this is hands-down my #1 favorite brand to make at home. It's mild, it's not overly bold, it's nice and mellow, it's not bitter in the least, it's not watery, it's PERFECT.  I like my coffee with milk and sugar and this one is just the BEST.  I am sick of the ""Extra Bold"" coffees they make for this machine - they all taste the same and are just too harsh for me.  This one - this Caribou one - ROCKS."
A1OP7O7OLH0AKM	5	This is what coffee is supposed to taste like	14	14	Wonderful coffee. I have tried many different k-cups, and like Goldilocks, I found some to be to strong, some to be too weak, but this one is just right. No bitterness, no acidity, just pure coffee taste. I enjoy flavored coffees but sometimes just want a plain old coffee, and this is THE ONE for me. After having experimented with many others, I will stick with this one.
A1EL9U1B1PJYF5	1	Caribou Pulls a Fast One on Loyal Customers	21	24	"I've been drinking Caribou Blend for years and it is just right for my taste... or at least it was. Got a new shipment in and I noticed a color change on the K-cup, orange to light green. Uh-oh, wrong product? I compared the box to my old one and found the same SKU number but the roast level has been dropped from medium to very light along with the color change. My taste test revealed exactly that... a mild, relatively tasteless coffee more like their dishwater Daybreak than the old Caribou blend. Caribou (I got this second hand) claims that their flagship blend is more of a light roast than a medium roast and they made the change accordingly. Yeah, sure. Nice try but we all know that the wholesale price of coffee has skyrocketed. Sounds to me, the skeptic, that perhaps they have been forced to switch to a cheaper coffee with less gusto and more bitterness to maintain their competitive price points. How sad. I would have gladly paid more for my favorite. The new blend is far inferior. If you're a regular, have someone brew both and I bet you'll have no problem distinguishing the difference. Time for a new favorite with a company that doesn't play sleazy tricks on its loyal customers. If and when prices return to normal, watch the return to the old orange based on ""we listen to our customers"" and more corporate-speak BS."
A13BOAPJ00I487	5	Caribou Wins Hands Down	10	11	After sampling about every K-Cup out there, I have to say the Caribou blend is the best one for daily, regular coffee drinkers. I'm not a huge fan of flavored coffees, nor do I love the dark, bitter, bold types. I simply want a smooth cup of Joe I can drink daily and feel comforted it will be consistently the same tasting and awesome. Caribou's are the perfect fit for me. I would go as far as to say that brewing Caribou in K-Cups at home has kept me from going to Starbucks for over a month...it just tastes better!
A3D7MXGCU7HCYE	5	Great Coffee!	9	10	I completely agree with the previous review - this is outstanding coffee.  I too have tried a lot of the K-Cup varieties and have found this one to be the best.  It has a wonderfully smooth flavor.  It really is a superior cup of coffee!
A1WIZHKBB8L4SQ	5	Amazing coffee!	6	6	"I received a Keurig machine for Christmas and was eager to sample all of the coffees that were included.  Unfortunately the Caribou Blend was absent in my sampler.  Lucky for me I decided to pick up a box of this coffee once the sampler was depleted.  I can sum up my experience with one word... ""WOW!""  This coffee is very smooth but loaded with flavor, even on the largest cup setting.  I was taken aback when I took my first sip; the subtle hint of berry and chocolate was so pleasant.  I would say this is one of the best, if not THE best, coffees I've ever tasted."
A1MCX5OD6J026W	5	Caribou rates #1	5	5	I concur with the prior reviewers and independently came to the same conclusion. After going through everything in the variety pak, this particular coffee consistently came out on top. These K cups are a bit pricey, but still a better deal than Starbucks by far.
A7O0SZ153FJT	1	What happened to my old Caribou Blend??	4	4	"LOVED Caribou Blend.  Found a great price at Amazon, ordered enough to last 5 or 6 months.  K-Cups had a different logo than my previous purchases, and tasted sooooo bad I couldn't drink it.  After opening several boxes and brewing several cups from each box, each cup as bad as the last, I decided to return the unopened boxes.  BUYER BEWARE--I had no idea that the seller would refuse to take back or refund anything on ""consumable"" products.  I'm out a lot of money for really bad coffee and can't find another brand that is as good as my old Caribou Blend.  Any suggestions??"
A1Q4MNIUESQTBM	3	Got this in a sampler-It's a very light brew	4	4	"Not our fav. It's great to have for guests who enjoy a lighter cup but it's not for us. We like Green Mountain's Breakfast blend and Doughnut Shop the best as our ""Normal"" cup of coffee and Newman's Own Extra Bold when we need a Starbucks type of brew. If you love a light brew then you will love this."
A3ODALRQ2LRK1C	5	Excellant value and pricing!	3	3	Have bought much of the K-cups both online and in-stores.  Caribou is my choice K-cup and the price value from this seller is the best I've found.  Will continue to use this product and seller.
A883R2S6I5UNY	5	Perfect Blend	3	3	I have to agree with the other reviews here.  Caribou makes an excellent coffee with a very distinctive taste. I bought this based on reading the other reviews and they were right on in their assessment and am thankful I took the time to read them.  I would encourage everyone to at least take a look at the Keurig site and compare what they have to offer in the way of coffee and prices.  I believe you will be very satisfied.  Free shipping, 10% off when you order 4 boxes, coffee club rewards program.  Just take a look.
A218HVJJ88XQ9F	5	Pretty much a perfect all-around drinking coffee	3	3	"This coffee is just great.  Not overpowering, but still relatively complete, even when brewed as a ""large"" cup, or even 2X small -- many of the K-cups come out tasting thin when you do this, but not this one!  It's so mellow that some may find it to be lacking in unique personality, and I suppose that being a ""medium-bodied"" blend, it doesn't shout out anything at the drinker.  Still, this is a very nice, all-around coffee that is great for everyday drinking."
ALJ44E2V313A6	5	best coffee	2	2	This coffee is tops  Smooth great flavor  Great if you make ice coffee......Very enjoyable with breakfast or as a coffee with dessert....
A3USQ2IX8012YY	5	My Favorite K-Cup Coffee.  Good Bye Donut Shop	2	2	My favorite K-cup used to be the Donut Shop medium roast.  Once I tried the Caribou Blend, I was amazed how smooth it was.  There is no bitterness or aftertaste what so ever.  I will be purchasing this from Amazon on a regular basis.
A2ADWSL3372ZMR	5	good coffee	2	2	This cofee is perfect for me.  Not really dark but robust enough that I can taste the roast.  I drink this as my everyday coffee.
A1XPT6TAPFPPEM	4	One of the better cups	2	2	This brew is not bitter or too strong, it makes a good cup of coffee if you like a mild taste
A3RWL5QXCYLDKH	5	YUM!	2	2	"I've only owned my Keurig for about 5 days, but my husband and I have gone through about 30 k cups. I am a ""multiple times a day"" coffee drinker. I like my coffee STRONG, smooth, and loaded with diabetes inducing sugar and cream, lol. And I am absolutely AMAZED by Caribou / Caribou Blend. It's sooo smooth, perfect strength, absolutely and utterly delicious! I use HALF the sugar and cream  that I normally do. It's really THAT GOOD. Haha, on a personal note, my hubby has been drinking this at work for a month. He made the cup for me, and waited anxiously to see what I thought... You know...the first thing out of my mouth was...""If GOD drank coffee, he would drink THIS coffee"" hahaha...no joke. Deeelish!"
A2PD2GVDKJ8R5K	5	Caribou Coffee Blend K-Cups for Keurig K-Cup Brewers	2	2	Caribou Coffee Blend is our family's favorite K-Cup flavor. It's strong and smooth in the extra bold package so you can make a max-size cup without it tasting weak. Other flavors we've tried (and like, just not quite as well) are Green Mountain Double Black Diamond, Coffee People Black Tiger, Brooklyn Bean Colombian, Wolfgang Puck Chef's Reserve Colombian. The Caribou Coffee packs seem to be more fully filled with nitrogen which makes them puffy and seems like it may keep the coffee fresher.<br /><br />NOTE: We tend not to prefer dark roast so this review may not help you if you like darker roasts.<br /><br />Also, if you read the other reviews, AZS was correct that these 80 count packs are cheaper at S*ms. Wish Amazon was a little more competitive on the price.
A1MFWKJT9J3P4P	5	Caribou Coffee	2	2	Caribou Coffee is excellent.  It is stronger than most other brands so it works well, especially if using the Keurig to make a large cup of coffee.  I highly recommend this if you like strong coffee and brew a large cup with your Keurig.
A1LPZ8KP3BEVKK	5	Delicious and SMOOTH	2	2	I have tried many different types of coffee for my Keurig, including Dunkin Donuts new K-cups but none of them come close to the taste of this coffee.  It is smooth and delicious!  And, a great value on Amazon!
ALDMJXA99NXEB	1	Truly Disappointing. Product Changed. Not for the better!	2	2	We have been buying Caribou Blend K-cups for a couple of years. It is a fine medium blend that we, and everyone that we have served it to, loves. We usually order it in larger quantities to try and save some money since we go through it fairly quickly. The last order we placed for 2 x 80 boxes was fulfilled with the K-cups with green color labels (the older labels were orange around the edges). The taste of this new k-cup can only be described as vile and has nothing to do with the former product. It is not drinkable. We have written to Caribou and have been waiting for a response, but nothing yet (I will update if I hear anything). DO NOT BUY this product if you have used the older product with he orange color on the label and liked it. You will not get the same thing and this coffee is truly terrible!<br /><br />Deserves 0 Stars...<br /><br />Update - a note from Caribou Corporate:<br /><br />Thank you for taking the time to contact us.<br /><br />We certainly apologize for any confusion. Recently the packaging for Caribou Blend K Cups did change. Previously the regular blend had an orange band and the decaf had a green band. The new labels the regular is a green band and the decaf is an orange band.<br /><br />The coffee itself has not changed, simply the label. There are two factors that might be involved in the change you taste. The change in taste is affected by the time that has lapsed between roasting the coffee beans and brewing them...freshness. Also, coffee is an agricultural crop that varies with weather and other environmental factors. Our Roastmasters put in a lot of time and attention to provide a consistency when roasting the coffee beans.<br /><br />We do apologize for any confusion and please let us know if there is anything else we can do for you.<br /><br />Sincerely,<br /><br />Linda<br /><br />Caribou Coffee Customer Relations<br /><br />The coffee is Dramatically different, but they will not admit to the change. Oh, well. Goodbye Caribou Coffee.
A3UXMCZD5HHEE1	5	Caribou is one of my keurig favorites the go to coffee for me	2	2	We love this blend and buy every month or so.  I give it to my friends and family but it's not light very tasty.
AMYIAUMU5UPF2	5	"""Man, this is good coffee!"""	2	2	"I have to agree with the other reviewers here.  I recently bought the Keurig model B77 at Costco.  And when I tried the Caribou Blend, I found myself sitting on the couch, sipping this nectar, and literally saying out loud to no one in particular, ""Man, this is good coffee.""  I like mine with about a third of a teaspoon of Splenda.  I'm definitely buying more."
A2LQLGL4IUAHEG	5	I think this is the best	2	2	I have purchased about 12 of Keurig coffee makers for friends and family as presents.  I really enjoy the coffee makers.  All my recipients do.  My favorite variety of coffee is Caribou.  It is bold yet not harsh or bitter. I have tried a lot of varieties and find this the best.  Orders take a day or so more to come but the wait is worth it.
A1PVEGT4RUAND3	5	Just a good cup of coffee	2	2	Tried several different flavors at this point...this is flat out the best.  It just has a good coffee taste, not too strong or too mild.  I can get away with two little french vanilla creamers and no sugar (even considering I tend to like the sweeter side of the coffee spectrum).  Everyone in my office likes too.  I picked up at Sam's Club one time for $33 for the 108 count that I think they are offering here currently for $59.
A27NYX6IBH7SUN	5	My favorite!	2	2	I just bought the Keurig B70 for my husband (and myself!) for Valentines Day. We opened our brewer and chose the Caribou blend for our first ever K cup. We were surprised at how incredibly good it was! We both enjoy a good cup of medium/dark roast coffee, and this one is definetly our favorite.. I will be sending for more Caribou blend soon.. way to go Caribou!
A27PFOZAKVK484	5	Smooth yet flavorful, similar to S's Verona	2	2	This is my favorite k-cup coffee.  It's easy to drink, smooth, yet it has a nice character and roundness to it, without any bitterness!<br />It is similar in character to my favorite, Caffe Verona, from a familiar large coffee chain.
ALDMJXA99NXEB	1	Truly Disappointing. Product Changed. Not for the better!	15	21	We have been buying Caribou Blend K-cups for a couple of years. It is a fine medium blend that we, and everyone that we have served it to, loves. We usually order it in larger quantities to try and save some money since we go through it fairly quickly. The last order we placed for 2 x 80 boxes was fulfilled with the K-cups with green color labels (the older labels were orange around the edges). The taste of this new k-cup can only be described as vile and has nothing to do with the former product. It is not drinkable. We have written to Caribou and have been waiting for a response, but nothing yet (I will update if I hear anything). DO NOT BUY this product if you have used the older product with he orange color on the label and liked it. You will not get the same thing and this coffee is truly terrible!<br /><br />Deserves 0 Stars...<br /><br />Update - a note from Caribou Corporate:<br /><br />Thank you for taking the time to contact us.<br /><br />We certainly apologize for any confusion. Recently the packaging for Caribou Blend K Cups did change. Previously the regular blend had an orange band and the decaf had a green band. The new labels the regular is a green band and the decaf is an orange band.<br /><br />The coffee itself has not changed, simply the label. There are two factors that might be involved in the change you taste. The change in taste is affected by the time that has lapsed between roasting the coffee beans and brewing them...freshness. Also, coffee is an agricultural crop that varies with weather and other environmental factors. Our Roastmasters put in a lot of time and attention to provide a consistency when roasting the coffee beans.<br /><br />We do apologize for any confusion and please let us know if there is anything else we can do for you.<br /><br />Sincerely,<br /><br />Linda<br /><br />Caribou Coffee Customer Relations<br /><br />The coffee is Dramatically different, but they will not admit to the change. Oh, well. Goodbye Caribou Coffee.
A2Y38Z8OAPT0UK	2	I used to love Caribou coffee.	4	5	Save your $$ here.  There are so many other better k-cups out there.  Caribou coffee was one of my favs, but their quality has gone down significantly over the past few years.  This blend tastes very weak-too bad used to love it.
A1A33O89SGEOCX	5	Caribou k-cups	1	1	"Lovin' the caribou...not too strong, not too mild...I'd say ""just right""! One can't go wrong if you want a good cup of coffee."
A3HZVRWOS6YL66	5	Another good one	1	1	This is my second best, other than the Kahlua by Timothy's. I recommend it if you do not like flavoured coffee; this would be a good alternative.
A3NNY8R9X6XCSS	4	Great tasting coffee	1	1	I love trying different kinds of Kcups and was not disappointed in Caribou, rich tasting delicious coffee. Probably will reorder this brand next time I do order.
A2UKWK12MEF1RE	5	Unique blend love the taste	1	1	I like the taste of Caribou coffees. I also had the Mahogany as well and like both flavors. The price on amazon beats the brick and mortar stores and free shipping saves me fuel, a win win for price and more so flavor.
AT2TU6SNDRNRB	5	great coffee	1	1	This coffee is so good. I am a diehard dunkin donuts fan but the value of the caribou is unbeatable. I drink it every morning and have placed multiple orders. I love it!
A3BGYTGMNP05RE	5	Delicious at a good price and fast shipping!	1	1	I've loved Caribou Coffee's Caribou Blend ever since my parents got me a Keurig for my birthday a year ago with a sampler of coffees to go with it.  Caribou was my favorite next to Newman's but I find the prices at some places rather off-putting.  When I saw Amazon's deal on them, I had to act.  And I'm glad I did.  The shipping free super saver shipping was really fast and I didn't have to break my bank to get it.  Will definitely purchase again!
A393VX458BLK69	5	One of the only k Kups I like	1	1	Most of the k cups have pretty bad tasting coffe, to me atleast.  This one is just right, not bitter, not too light, not too dark.  I like this one and one by starbucks.  That's pretty much it.  With amazon prime this is my fav morning drink.
A1ADLO2IFD13QZ	5	Caribou k cups	1	1	Bold, full flavor.  I like strong coffee.  This is not one of the strongest coffees but it does have great flavor, like a coffee shop coffee.  I like to keep this flavor in my mix.  Not bitter, nice smooth taste.
A2TJG4N8LNJW23	3	A very good middle-of-the-road blend for those who just want a plain old cup of coffee...	1	1	The Caribou Blend k cups have fulfilled our household's need for a plain old cup of coffee in the morning that isn't anything fancy, but still gets the job done.  We were searching for a blend that was smooth and flavorful while still being easy to drink and mild.  I particularly like medium roasts and I don't care for a coffee with a lot of acidity and a bitter aftertaste, so this one fits the bill.<br /><br />The only downside to this k cup is that the aroma.  It wasn't the most appetizing after the first cup was brewed, but it made up for that in taste.  This isn't a point that really bothers me, but I could see it being a downside for some people.<br /><br />When I brew this blend on my way out the door, I often throw in some french vanilla creamer and it's my perfect morning caffeine kick.<br /><br />So far this is the best average blend we've tried.  We're open to others but until we find something better, we're sticking with the Caribou Blend.
AWQ679PTXJDB5	4	Smooth	1	1	This is a great mid morning coffee, best for drinking after I have already had my jet fuel. It is a medium strength coffee, but has great aroma and flavor.
ACGV1Z965LP1J	4	One of my favorites	1	1	This is consistently one of my favorite cups of coffee for my Keurig. Not too bold, not too light, just a good regular cup of coffee that this regular guy likes.
A3G0E1BU8DQGTC	4	Interesting blend	1	1	I gave this a shot out of curiosity and was glad I did. It's a very good cup of coffee.
A27DHWJ275D678	5	Caribou Coffee K Cup	1	1	According to my wife this is one of the best k cup coffeees we bought, it was also the first to be used up. Great Coffee, will be trying other Caribou types
A90GGJ03Y6RQU	5	Best K-Cup coffee I have had so far	1	1	Caribou coffee is the next best thing to roasting the coffee beans yourself.  I highly recommend caribou coffee when using the keurig machine.
A3528HUM92XICQ	5	Smile maker	1	1	There is nothing like a good cup of Caribou coffee to put a smile on your face,  Great tasting, smooth coffee. A+++
A3HZUHU2FRJJJ8	5	Caribou Coffee	1	1	I am a huge coffee drinker and Caribou has become my favorite coffee. It is bold but not bitter. I purchase this product every month.
A2ZWTFZRNQW7D5	5	Go Caribou!	1	1	OK, so I'm a high school English teacher and a total Caribou addict.  There is not one in my city, but whenever I travel to Minneapolis, I hit a Caribou at least three times a day.  My school librarian got a Keurig coffee maker and made me a cup of this stuff.  I was immediately hooked!  I started buying boxes of these K-Cups so I could enjoy Caribou coffee all day long while teaching, and now students see a smile on my face, cup in hand, and my coffee-fueled lessons have been taken to a whole new level.  While I'm brewing my coffee, I communicate more closely with the librarian, and this has resulted in some collaborative efforts between myself and the librarian, particularly concerning research, which in turn positively impacts the education of my students.  I savor every delicious drop of my Caribou coffee while the other teachers choke down the weak and bitter rat pee in the teachers' lounge.  Guess who looks forward to coming to work every morning?  Thanks, Keurig, for making Caribou a part of my daily life!
AQQLWCMRNDFGI	4	Good entry in the K-cup portfolio	1	1	"Caribou makes a series of coffees; my current favorite is Mahogany. However, this, too is nice on the palate. The package describes the taste thus: ""Caribou blend begins with a delightful heaviness on your palate and finishes with a relaxing balance of bittersweet chocolate and fruity flavors.""<br /><br />For tree huggers and environmentalists, Caribou--as a company--is a member of the Rainforest Alliance, designed to ""protect ecosystems and the people and wildlife that depend on them. . . .""<br /><br />The coffee? I like it. It is not my favorite K-cup product, but it is tasty. I would have preferred a bit more boldness to the taste, but it is smooth and has a nice aftertaste.<br /><br />If you've entered the Keurig world, this might well be worth trying out. . . ."
A2SZLNSI5KOQJT	3	Medium Roast. No Outstanding Flavor. Slightly Bitter.	1	1	There is not much to say about this Caribou medium blend coffee.  It has an unremarkable flavor with a hint of bitterness.  A bit of cream and sugar will cover it up, but that shouldn't be necessary given the coffee choices available.<br /><br />Drinkable, yes.  The coffee isn't so bad that I must throw it away.  I'll finish them off, but I won't be a repeat purchaser.
A22PH12P71FH93	3	Makes a good cup of coffee	1	1	I tried this k-cup in a sampler pack. Is full-bodied and tastes good but has an aftertaste (more like afterBITE). I like my coffee smooth, so that was a minus for me, but definitely not a deal-breaker. Made this flavor more than once, and the taste was consistent with each cup. Also, I can use the 9oz setting on the Keurig and the coffee does not taste watered down.
A1B6I5FLWX64R8	1	Disappointed	5	7	I used to enjoy coffee from my local Caribou cafe. When I moved to a location that didnt have one I tried the Caribou blend K-cups.  Caribou blend was never my favorite, but it was all the store had at the time, so I gave it a try. The flavor is incredibly flat, one dimensional, with a bitter aftertaste, and generally unpleasant aroma (sour).  It was so off that I checked the expiration date, but found out it was still months away.  I wont buy this flavor again.
A3RWSYNSZX7KQQ	4	SMOOTHE	0	0	Looking for a cup of Java that doesn't bite?  Look no further, this is it!  A mild blend that many will find very pleasing.
A320YYMCLRJIZB	5	Great coffee choice	0	0	Caribou is a nice coffee blend - full of flavor but not bitter.  A good choice for those who drink their coffee without cream or sugar.  Attractive price for 24-count package, as well.  Very satisfied with the purchase.
AFKGQECO1APSS	5	Caribou Coffee	0	0	I'm not a morning person and I need my morning coffee!  I got this coffee at a great price and it was delivered as promised.  Caribou Coffee was just the thing I needed for my mornings to get started.  Using the K-cups was very convenient and made brewing coffee quick and easy.
A3KKRYTAW6CRTI	5	Super Fast Shipping- AMAZING FLAVOR!	0	0	Avid coffee lover & have never found a flavor I love as much as this! Wonderful, perfect, marvelous, A+!<br />Ordered Friday night- recieved Monday afternoon. Couldn't ask for a better purchase.
A1WD9DNSLLB9KZ	1	I wonder what others were talking about?	0	0	I didn't like this coffee at all.  I like strong, full-flavored coffee and this is not it.  There is mild bitterness and the coffee was slightly weak.  So far the only K-cup coffee that I enjoy is the Barista Prima Italian Roast (I think that's the brand), but I wanted something I could order on subscribe and save, so I always had coffee.<br /><br />I ordered the Tully's Italian Roast to see how it is, but it too isn't as good as the other.
A1R6LZ3ZQUN5AM	5	Good value for great tasting k-cups	0	0	Great, medium blend coffee at a decent price with prime eligibility! The taste is great when used with a smaller 8 oz. cup size but gets a little watery when used with the larger mug setting. Overall, one of my favorite k-cup blends.
A2ED5FA94BL2P1	5	Happy they made a K cup!	0	0	Caribou is the only coffee that I brewed in my Cuisinart Grind and Brew. I was afraid I would not find a comparable coffee once I got my new Keurig but the K cups are wonderful! Very convenient and a good moderately strong coffee. It is one of the top choices I go back to.
A281A3U1VI81FS	5	EXCELLENT	0	0	I drink my coffee as coffee, nothing added.  In my opinion, Caribou Blend is the very best K-cup coffee out there.  The blend is perfect and the taste is smooth, not too bitter.  Also, about the caffeine - You get your morning wake up with no jitters.  My number one K-cup.
A38BYWOGTD27NB	5	A great cup of coffee!	0	0	the Caribou Coffee wasgreat from thevery first sip to the last sip!! id buy more! please getsome and see what i mean! thank you.
A31YQGZMQTN8VM	5	Very Pleased	0	0	This coffee is just a great tasting coffee.  It's on the bold side, yet a little more cream for those who prefer a milder coffee does the trick.  It came well packaged and two days early!
A3B1NTXQGP6B0F	5	Caribou Coffee Is Amazing	0	0	I really enjoyed this coffee. I am new to the whole K-Cup thing and these were really good. I will definitely purchase this product again. Great tasting coffee.
A2II54B3VA45LN	5	It's great!	0	0	I have tried many K cups and some are hits and others are just plain misses. This one is a HIT! I don't like strong, bitter tasting coffee. This one has a smooth, mild taste that I love. I normally only drink one cup of coffee per day, but I have found myself craving this for an afternoon treat. I will definitely be purchasing this flavor again.
A2BA6U9RUEQ6JM	3	tis blend not as good in kcup version	0	0	Absolutely love caribou blends.  Their dark roast tastes fine in kcup, however this blend tasted bitter.  Maybe i got a bad package and will try again in the future to see if my experience is different.
A3SA4CWBLV79N9	4	Favorite K cup	0	0	My husband love this K-cup, it's a little pricy but a great cup of joe! We went through an 80ct box in a month.
AG866BXSQJM28	4	Caribou Blend Coffee K-Cups	0	0	I decided to give this a try since I've had Caribou Coffee in the past. This is a medium roast coffee with a good flavor, no after taste. I definitely will buy this coffee again and I also would recommend this coffee.
A27PKE65KFRHJV	5	Great value	0	0	These k-cups are a great value - much better cost per unit than other places (grocery store, etc).<br />I love the flavor of the Caribou  coffee k-cups...they are my favorite. This one is great, and the obsidian as well.
A1ZU446KQF6T52	5	This is what converted me	0	0	Brewed coffee is almost non-existent where I am from, and we in our family would almost always buy instant coffee. Brewed coffee never tasted quite right or coffee like to me before. But one day my brother brought home some free samples of this. Then I understood why people loves brewed coffee. The flavor and taste simply blew me away.
A3IPK8TFSKY2EB	5	Caribou coffee cups	0	0	Awesome value for the money. Ordred a second one at the end of the summer and still have not opened it. Tastes as good as some of the more popular brands.
ASI37ITR8FEF7	5	caribou	0	0	The closest thing to Starbucks, very good. I will be buying again in the future. Aren't K cups the best.....
A1BL1T22XX9CMD	5	very smooth	0	0	I tried the samples and liked several of them. However, I tried caribou when it was on sale elsewhere and decided it was as full bodied as the others but smoother.  I then ordered the four pack from Amazon.
A1S7ELUTF3JFE8	5	A great buy.	0	0	Amazon has put together the perfect coffee at a great price.We find that we can  enjoy our favorite cup of Carabu Blend anytime without breaking our budget.Thanks Amazon !  Duane&Sue
A1MNN0ZMHYPJDU	5	Second Favorite K-Cup Coffee	0	0	Although the daybreak is the best, this is a good second for when you want a good, flavorful, sipping cup of coffee...
ATJKA4JRNZKLT	4	caribou	0	0	item was a good deal.  The caribou blend coffee is a nice blend, not too strong. The price was good for the 24 count box, less than .80 per cup.  I will purchase again.
A33NXNZ79H5K51	5	Anytime of day coffee	0	0	I tried this for the first time today and I enjoyed it. It had a mild but bold enough flavor for me that I could drink it in the am and have an afternoon cup  when feeling sluggish. No bitterness to it and the smell in the house when it was brewing was as if you were in a Caribou coffee estanlishment.I normally lean towards a more italian or french blend but I really like this. So a great medium roast if that is what you like.
A1WQ82GSABUJJJ	4	Okay but not my favorite	0	0	Still in process of narrowing down my personal preferences. Medium strong which is a good thing, but I get an aftertaste that I'm not crazy about - might be me.
A133Y864WS45YS	5	Good coffee!	0	0	"Caribou Coffee is definitely some of my favorite coffee.  This 80 K-cup pack was perfect and I will probably order it again when I run out (unless I feel adventurous and try some other brands).  Even arrived a day earlier than the ""anticipated arrival date""."
A1O1WC28TJ38SK	4	First coffee I drink without sugar and milk	0	0	I started drinking coffee at the age of 2 when my grandpa would sneak me some in my cup. Ever since, I've required milk and sugar in my coffee as that's how I knew coffee. Drinking any coffee black was not the most appealing experience, until Cairbou. I've had Caribou coffee before the K-Cups and I'm a fan of their flavor, which is captured very well. Brewing this in 8-10oz cup sizes will give you the best flavor, and best of all, you won't need to have milk and sugar around all the time.<br /><br />There's no argument against the convenience and quality of a Keurig, and the Caribou Blend may be the best available, meaning little slices of heaven in each cup. The only downside is cost, which exists with all K-Cups. However, even at about $0.66 every 10-11oz, it's still cheaper than my neighborhood coffee shop AND it's in my own kitchen. Worth every penny.<br /><br />There are other great brands out there, but this flavor is the first to really stand on its own merits with me, and I feel like I need to pass that along.
A1F8U91ILG6IN9	5	Strong and Bold	0	0	Caribou Blend is my top rated. The flavor is bold and smooth with a wonderful aroma. Look forward to my cup each morning.
A1IWT6KM1X8PNS	5	One of the best	0	0	By far one of the best K-cup coffees.<br />The favor is bold yet not bitter, it is not not weak or diluted even when choosing the largest cup size on the Keurig machine.<br />Only issue is that you can pick it up at S*ms for about $36 for the 80 pc pack.
A2TJG4N8LNJW23	4	A very good middle-of-the-road blend for those who just want a plain old cup of coffee...	0	0	The Caribou Blend k cups have fulfilled our household's need for a plain old cup of coffee in the morning that isn't anything fancy, but still gets the job done. We were searching for a blend that was smooth and flavorful while still being easy to drink and mild. I particularly like medium roasts and I don't care for a coffee with a lot of acidity and a bitter aftertaste, so this one fits the bill.<br /><br />The only downside to this k cup is that the aroma. It wasn't the most appetizing after the first cup was brewed, but it made up for that in taste. This isn't a point that really bothers me, but I could see it being a downside for some people.<br /><br />When I brew this blend on my way out the door, I often throw in some french vanilla creamer and it's my perfect morning caffeine kick.<br /><br />So far this is the best average blend we've tried. We're open to others but until we find something better, we're sticking with the Caribou Blend.
A7YSBE9THMR9S	4	Decent...	0	0	This coffee is a little strong for me, but with a little bit of sugar, milk and/or creamer it's perfect. I have a cup of this almost every morning!
AW54IZF9EDDU	4	Awesome Coffee!	0	0	This coffee tastes exactly like its namesake. If you've had and enjoyed Caribou Coffee, then you will not be disappointed. Another great variety of coffee for the mighty Keurig machine!
A2XXUKVPM3FOIJ	4	Great Medium Roast Coffee for your Keurig	0	0	Great Medium Roast Coffee, very similar to a lot of the Columbian Style K-Cups<br /><br />Pro's<br />Smooth pleasent aftertaste, not that bitter after taste you get from some of the Jet Fuels that pose as bold coffee.<br />Great start your morning coffee if you enjoy the medium blends.<br /><br />Con's<br />I presonally don't care about this but it's not fair trade or organic.<br /><br />Again coffee is not something you can review like a video game, each person has different taste and was taste like Jet Fuel to me is someone elses dream cup. However if you enjoy the medium roast coffee I think you will be happy with the full bodied flavor but is easy drinking without a bitter aftertaste.
AVDCTS5K9PSB2	5	Excellent coffee	0	0	This is an excellent full body coffee made better by the speed with which I received it.  The price was significantly less than that available elsewhere.
A2I4R9SWLWZQHQ	5	My favorite blend	0	0	After being assaulted by very strong blends, I finally found a coffee that I like. It has a nice aroma and taste. It does not leave your head spinning with a bad after taste like many other blends.
A3387UZS65PCUW	5	Great Coffee	0	0	"I'm not much of a coffee drinker, but purchased this flavor for my husband. He is normally a ""bold"" taste coffee drinker, but says that this is now his favorite. He says it is not too strong and it's not too weak. It's just a nice ""medium"" blend of flavor. Because he was such a bold coffee drinker prior, I stocked up. I keep trying to get him to drink the bold stock and he only says: ""Do we have any more of that Caribou?"". Well, looks like I'll be ordering much more of his new favorite coffee soon!"
A1K8B2QIQ3ZRWA	4	Nice full flavor	0	0	I like to say my taste buds require a lot of flavoring so it might not be the norm. When I first ordered it I was hoping it would have a nice full taste, and not, for a lack of a better word, diluted flavor.  I was not disappointed. Not to say this tasted burnt like some coffee.  I'm really enjoying it and will order some more when the time comes.
A1LEI352C4UT5P	4	caribou blend coffee	0	0	What can I say, the deer and the antelop did not do anything to this coffee.  Neither did the caribou.  It's ok, drinkable.
A2FFF324R3GUY	5	Caribou Coffee	0	0	Caribou Coffee is an outstanding choice for K Cup lovers. It comes in a variety of flavors and is the perfect start for any morning.
